Passion Projects/Mami's bench expansion project.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed June 1st 2022 03:48:25 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#PassionProject 

## Goals
- [ ] Build Mami's bench
	- [x] Design attachment ^1d3e02
		- [x] Recreate bench in [[Fusion 360]]
		- [x] Make modifications
		- [x] Ensure modifications will work on the real bench
	- [ ] Pre-build
		- [x] Calculate and buy wood
		- [ ] Prep bench
			- Cut off extra wood
			- Modify bench so there are no conflicts with the expansion
	- [ ] Build expansion
		- [ ] Cut wood
		- [ ] Assemble

## Progress
**June 6th 2022 - 09:13:20 pm** 
Earlier in the day I finished designing the bench expansion for Mami in [[Fusion 360]]

**June 8th 2022 - 02:52:13 pm** 
I have determined that I need the following in wood for the project:
- 6 2x4x8
- 1 2x4x4
- 3 1x6x8

Going to buy the wood now.

**June 8th 2022 - 04:09:03 pm** 
Just got back with the wood that I needed. Papi has the 2x4s in the shop and I just bought 3 1x6s.

**June 9th 2022 - 04:40:31 pm** 
Finish

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-06-09 17:11:47
Affected files:
.obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json
.obsidian/workspace
Journal/Thursday Jun 9th, 2022.md
Passion Projects/Mami's bench expansion project.md

Passion Projects/Mami's bench expansion project.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed June 1st 2022 03:48:25 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#PassionProject 

## Goals
- [ ] Build Mami's bench
	- [x] Design attachment ^1d3e02
		- [x] Recreate bench in [[Fusion 360]]
		- [x] Make modifications
		- [x] Ensure modifications will work on the real bench
	- [ ] Pre-build
		- [x] Calculate and buy wood
		- [ ] Prep bench
			- Cut off extra wood
			- Modify bench so there are no conflicts with the expansion
	- [ ] Build expansion
		- [ ] Cut wood
		- [ ] Assemble

## Progress
**June 6th 2022 - 09:13:20 pm** 
Earlier in the day I finished designing the bench expansion for Mami in [[Fusion 360]]

**June 8th 2022 - 02:52:13 pm** 
I have determined that I need the following in wood for the project:
- 6 2x4x8
- 1 2x4x4
- 3 1x6x8

Going to buy the wood now.

**June 8th 2022 - 04:09:03 pm** 
Just got back with the wood that I needed. Papi has the 2x4s in the shop and I just bought 3 1x6s.

**June 9th 2022 - 04:40:31 pm** 
Finished cutting the extra wood off of the bench
