Analytic Prediction Of Motion.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Average Velocity]] [[Position Update]]
> Friends:: [[Iterative Prediction of Motion]] [[Motion Note Web.canvas]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- When the [[Net Force]] is constant we can use the arithmetic [[Average Velocity]] to predict motion.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{r}_{f}=\vec{r}_{i}}+\vec{v}_{i}t+\frac{1}{2}\left( \frac{\vec{F}_{net}}{m} \right)t^2$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{r}_{i}$ = Final [[Position]] in $m$
	  > $\vec{r}_{f}$ = Final [[Position]] in $m$
	  > $\vec{v}_{i}$ = [[Velocity]] in $\frac{m}{s}$
	  > $\vec{F}_{net}$ = [[Net Force]] in $N$
	  > $m$ = [[Mass]] in $g$
	  > $t$ = [[Time]] in $s$
- ## Steps
	- These steps are the exact same as the formula above, just broken down into their base equations.
	- #### Find Final Velocity
		- Use [[Velocity Update]] to find the final [[Velocity]]:
		- ![[Velocity Update#^4fa492]]
	- #### Find Average Velocity
		- Use the final and initial velocity to find the arithmetic [[Average Velocity]] over the next time interval:
		- ![[Average Velocity#^c156d3]]
	- #### Update Position
		- Using the [[Average Velocity]] update the [[Position]] for the next time interval:
		- ![[Position Update#^45f2fb]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Motion Note Web.canvas]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-01-29 13:57:54
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Analytic Prediction Of Motion.md
Iterative Prediction of Motion.md

Analytic Prediction Of Motion.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Average Velocity]] [[Position Update]]
> Friends:: [[Iterative Prediction of Motion]] [[Motion Note Web.canvas]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- When the [[Net Force]] is constant we can use the arithmetic [[Average Velocity]] to create a function to find [[Position]] as a function of [[Time]].
		- This means that instead of iterating though many steps to find the [[Position]] at a specific time, we can do it one simple step.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{r}_{f}=\vec{r}_{i}}+\vec{v}_{i}t+\frac{1}{2}\left( \frac{\vec{F}_{net}}{m} \right)t^2$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{r}_{i}$ = Final [[Position]] in $m$
	  > $\vec{r}_{f}$ = Final [[Position]] in $m$
	  > $\vec{v}_{i}$ = [[Velocity]] in $\frac{m}{s}$
	  > $\vec{F}_{net}$ = [[Net Force]] in $N$
	  > $m$ = [[Mass]] in $g$
	  > $t$ = [[Time]] in $s$
- ## Steps
	- These steps are the exact same as the formula above, just broken down into their base equations.
	- #### Find Final Velocity
		- Use [[Velocity Update]] to find the final [[Velocity]]:
		- ![[Velocity Update#^4fa492]]
	- #### Find Average Velocity
		- Use the final and initial velocity to find the arithmetic [[Average Velocity]] over the next time interval:
		- ![[Average Velocity#^c156d3]]
	- #### Update Position
		- Using the [[Average Velocity]] update the [[Position]] for the next time interval:
		- ![[Position Update#^45f2fb]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Motion Note Web.canvas]]
