Atomic States.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed September 7th 2022 03:42:14 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- #### Ground State
		- All [[Electron|Electrons]] are at their lowest [[Orbital]] and [[Electron|Electrons]] in the same [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] are fully spread out. Unpaired [[Electron|Electrons]] are [[Spin Quantum Number|Spinning]] in the same direction.
	- #### Excited State
		- [[Electron]] has an empty [[Orbital]] in the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] below it.
		- Two or more **unpaired** [[Electron|Electrons]] in the same [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] [[Spin Quantum Number|Spinning]] in different directions.
		- A [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] with one or more paired [[Electron|Electrons]] when there is still an empty [[Orbital]] in that [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
	- #### Not Allowed
		- Two [[Electron|Electrons]] in the same [[Orbital]] [[Spin Quantum Number|Spinning]] in the same direction.
- ## Reference
	- Dictates how [[Electrons]] behave in their [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]] and [[Orbital|Orbitals]] within the [[Schrodinger Model]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-11 22:03:40
Affected files:
.obsidian/appearance.json
.obsidian/graph.json
.obsidian/workspace
Atomic Radius.md
Atomic States.md
Chemistry.md
Effective Nuclear Charge.md
Electron Orbital Configuration.md
Electronegativity.md
Ionization Energy.md
References/IMG_397F2199BC14-1.jpeg
References/IMG_5C84DA58F779-1.jpeg
References/IMG_D4D31EB624FC-1.jpeg
References/IMG_F968DCB6A61F-1.jpeg
Schrodinger Model.md
Shielding Constant.md
Vault/Bohr's Model.md
Vault/Energy.md
Vault/Rydberg's Constant.md
Vault/Valence Electron.md

Atomic States.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed September 7th 2022 03:42:14 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- #### Ground State
		- All [[Electron|Electrons]] are at their lowest [[Orbital]] and [[Electron|Electrons]] in the same [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] are fully spread out. Unpaired [[Electron|Electrons]] are [[Spin Quantum Number|Spinning]] in the same direction.
	- #### Excited State
		- [[Electron]] has an empty [[Orbital]] in the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] below it.
		- Two or more **unpaired** [[Electron|Electrons]] in the same [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] [[Spin Quantum Number|Spinning]] in different directions.
		- A [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] with one or more paired [[Electron|Electrons]] when there is still an empty [[Orbital]] in that [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
	- #### Not Allowed
		- Two [[Electron|Electrons]] in the same [[Orbital]] [[Spin Quantum Number|Spinning]] in the same direction.
- ## Filling [[Orbital|Orbitals]]
	- Electrons will always seek the lowest energy available [[Orbital]].
	- [[Pauli Exclusion Principle]]
	![[Pauli Exclusion Principle#^31c667]]
	- [[Hund's Rule]]
	![[Hund's Rule#^cc262a]]
- ## Exceptions In The 3rd Block
	- For some reason both $Cr$ and $Cu$ are exempt from the rules.
	- $Cr$ and $Cu$ have swapped ground and excited states.
		- Their ground state has one [[Electron]] promoted to a higher [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
		- Their excited state is what their ground states should have been.
		- ![[IMG_D4D31EB624FC-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Reference
	- Dictates how [[Electrons]] behave in their [[Principle Quantum Number|Energy Levels]], [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]], and [[Orbital|Orbitals]] within the [[Schrodinger Model]].
