C to LC3 Function Definition.md, before:

---
Alias: [C to LC3 Function Definitions]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Computer Systems Programming]]
> Parents:: [[Compiling C to LC3]]
> Friends:: [[C to LC3 Function Call]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Steps to preamble:
		1. Push space for the **return value**.
		2. Push the **return address** ([[Memory Address]] to return to after function is done) from `R7` to the [[Runtime Stack]].
		3. Push the [[Dynamic Link]] from `R5` to the [[Runtime Stack]].
		4. Set the new [[Framework Pointer]].
		5. Push space for [[Local Variable|Local Variables]] to the [[Runtime Stack]]  ^8466d0
		- > [!Note]
		  > Note that by this time the **arguments** for the function have already been pushed to the [[Runtime Stack]] by the caller of the function.
		  > 
		  > See [[C to LC3 Function Call]] for more info.
		- The [[Runtime Stack]] should look like this after the preamble.
		  ![[Screenshot 2023-10-23 at 9.39.25 PM.png|400]]
		- > [!Example]-
		  > ![[Screenshot 2023-10-23 at 9.42.14 PM.png]]
	- Steps to return:
		1. Evaluate and store the **return value** to the space allocated on the [[Runtime Stack]] in the [[C to LC3 Function Definition#^8466d0|Steps to preamble]].
		2. Pop and discard [[Local Variable|Local Variables]].
		3. Pop and restore the [[Framework Pointer]] to `R5`.
		4. Pop and restore the **return address** to `R7`.
		5. [[LC3 Return]]
	- 
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-10-23 21:51:30
Affected files:
Argument.md
C to LC3 Function Definition.md
Parameter.md
References/Screenshot 2023-10-23 at 9.47.32 PM.png

C to LC3 Function Definition.md, after:

---
Alias: [C to LC3 Function Definitions]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Computer Systems Programming]]
> Parents:: [[Compiling C to LC3]]
> Friends:: [[C to LC3 Function Call]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Steps to preamble:
		1. Push space for the **return value**.
		2. Push the **return address** ([[Memory Address]] to return to after function is done) from `R7` to the [[Runtime Stack]].
		3. Push the [[Dynamic Link]] from `R5` to the [[Runtime Stack]].
		4. Set the new [[Framework Pointer]].
		5. Push space for [[Local Variable|Local Variables]] to the [[Runtime Stack]]  ^8466d0
		- > [!Note]
		  > Note that by this time the **arguments** for the function have already been pushed to the [[Runtime Stack]] by the caller of the function.
		  > 
		  > See [[C to LC3 Function Call]] for more info.
		- The [[Runtime Stack]] should look like this after the preamble.
		  ![[Screenshot 2023-10-23 at 9.39.25 PM.png|400]]
		- > [!Example]-
		  > ![[Screenshot 2023-10-23 at 9.42.14 PM.png]]
	- Steps to return:
		1. Evaluate and store the **return value** to the space allocated on the [[Runtime Stack]] in the [[C to LC3 Function Definition#^8466d0|Steps to preamble]].
		2. Pop and discard [[Local Variable|Local Variables]].
		3. Pop and restore the [[Framework Pointer]] to `R5`.
		4. Pop and restore the **return address** to `R7`.
		5. [[LC3 Return|RET]].
		- > [!Example]
		  > Includes the preamble as well.
		  > ![[Screenshot 2023-10-23 at 9.47.32 PM.png]]
---
- ## Reference
