Capacitor.md, before:

---
Alias: [Capacitors]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]] [[Physics II]]
> Parents:: [[Electrical Component]] [[Capacitance]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Capacitance]]
---
- ## Definition
	- A [[Electrical Component|Passive Component]] that can store and release [[Charge]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{Q=CV}$$
		  > $$\large{C=\epsilon \frac{A}{d}}$$
		  > 
		  > $Q$ = [[Charge]] in $C$
		  > $C$ = [[Capacitance]] in $F$
		  > $V$ = [[Voltage]] in $V$
		  > $A$ = Area of plates in the drawing below in $m^2$
		  > $d$ = Distance as shown in the drawing below in $m$
	- Made up of two metal plates and an [[Insulator]] in between.
	  ![[IMG_294D7E6DD76F-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Charging and Discharging
	- A [[Capacitor]] is not a linear component, its [[Current]], [[Voltage]], and [[Resistance]] change depending time since the [[Capacitor]] was connected or disconnected from a power source.
		- ![[IMG_5404AEDC0EF1-1.jpeg]]
	- Important Points:
		- TH
	- > [!Notation]
	  > If an event happens at $t=0$ then let:
	  > $$t=0^-$$ be the time just before the event and
	  > $$t=0^+$$ be the time just after the event and
	  > $$t=\infty$$ be the time long time after the event when everything has settled into a constant state.
	- Reference this simple circuit:
	  ![[Pasted image 20230926214249.png|300]]
		- Charging
			- When $t=0^-$
				- The circuit is open and has been for a long time. The [[Capacitor]] is receiving no [[Current]] and the [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] is over the open switch.
				- $i_{c}=0$
				- $v_{c}=0$
			- When $t=0$ the switch closes and completes the loop.
			- When $t=0^+$
				- The maximum current possible flows though the [[Capacitor]] instantly, and because the [[Capacitor]] offers almost no [[Resistance]] there is still no [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] across the [[Capacitor]]. In the instant after the switch is closed, it acts like a straight wire.
				- $i_{c}=\frac{V_{s}}{R}$
				- $v_{c}=0$
			- When $0^+<t<\infty$
				- The [[Capacitor]] is charging, as the two plates become more and more polar the [[Electric Field]] that the [[Capacitor]] generates grows and opposes [[Current]]. During this time the [[Current]] drops and the [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] climbs. See the **How It Works** section below.
				- > [!Equation]
				  > $$\large{i_{c}=C\frac{dv_{c}}{dt}}$$
				  > 
				  > $i_{c}$ = [[Current]] through the [[Capacitor]] in $A$
				  > $v_{c}$ = [[Voltage]] over the [[Capacitor]] in $V$
				  > $t$ = Time in $s$
			- When $t=\infty$
				- The [[Capacitor]] is charged. No more [[Current]] can flow because the [[Electric Field]] generated by the [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] of the two plates is equal [[Voltage]] being supplied to the [[Capacitor]].
				- $i_{c}=0$
				- $v_{c}=Vs$
- ## How It Works
	- A [[Capacitor]] is actually an [[Open Circuit]], but still allows [[Current]] to flow in a round about way.
		- The two metal plates of the [[Capacitor]] have [[Electron|Electrons]] in them. 
		- When connected to a power source [[Electron|Electrons]] are pushed into one plate.
		- That plate gains a net negative [[Charge]] and repels [[Electron|Electrons]] out of the opposite plate. 
		- This mimics [[Current]] flow and when this is happening the [[Capacitor]] is charging.
		- ![[IMG_1E61DE55C4B6-1.jpeg]]
	- When fully charged there is a massive [[Electron]] build up on one plate and a lack of [[Electron|Electrons]] on the opposite plate stops [[Current]] from flowing.
		- At this point the force of the [[Electric Field]] generated by the difference in [[Charge]] between the two plates is great enough to equal the [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] from the energy source. Therefore no more [[Current]] flows.
		- ![[IMG_3A0FDECF51AF-1.jpeg|200]]
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-09-27 11:41:49
Affected files:
Capacitor.md

Capacitor.md, after:

---
Alias: [Capacitors]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]] [[Physics II]]
> Parents:: [[Electrical Component]] [[Capacitance]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Capacitance]]
---
- ## Definition
	- A [[Electrical Component|Passive Component]] that can store and release [[Charge]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{Q=CV}$$
		  > $$\large{C=\epsilon \frac{A}{d}}$$
		  > 
		  > $Q$ = [[Charge]] in $C$
		  > $C$ = [[Capacitance]] in $F$
		  > $V$ = [[Voltage]] in $V$
		  > $A$ = Area of plates in the drawing below in $m^2$
		  > $d$ = Distance as shown in the drawing below in $m$
	- Made up of two metal plates and an [[Insulator]] in between.
	  ![[IMG_294D7E6DD76F-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Charging and Discharging
	- A [[Capacitor]] is not a linear component, its [[Current]], [[Voltage]], and [[Resistance]] change depending time since the [[Capacitor]] was connected or disconnected from a power source.
		- ![[IMG_5404AEDC0EF1-1.jpeg]]
	- > [!Notation]-
	  > If an event happens at $t=0$ then let:
	  > $$t=0^-$$ be the time just before the event and
	  > $$t=0^+$$ be the time just after the event and
	  > $$t=\infty$$ be the time long time after the event when everything has settled into a constant state.
	- Important Concepts:
		- When in a constant state of any kind $i_{c} = 0$. 
			- This is because the [[Capacitor]] is charged to a point of equilibrium in the circuit it is in. In other words, it was charged or discharged until the opposing force generated by its [[Electric Field]] dosent allow any more [[Current]] flow.
		- $v_{c}(0^-)=v_{c}(0^+)$ and $i_{c}(0^-)\neq i_{c}(0^+)$
			- [[Voltage]] across the [[Capacitor]] is the same an 
	- Reference this simple circuit:
	  ![[Pasted image 20230926214249.png|300]]
		- Charging
			- When $t=0^-$
				- The circuit is open and has been for a long time. The [[Capacitor]] is receiving no [[Current]] and the [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] is over the open switch.
				- $i_{c}=0$
				- $v_{c}=0$
			- When $t=0$ the switch closes and completes the loop.
			- When $t=0^+$
				- The maximum current possible flows though the [[Capacitor]] instantly, and because the [[Capacitor]] offers almost no [[Resistance]] there is still no [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] across the [[Capacitor]]. In the instant after the switch is closed, it acts like a straight wire.
				- $i_{c}=\frac{V_{s}}{R}$
				- $v_{c}=0$
			- When $0^+<t<\infty$
				- The [[Capacitor]] is charging, as the two plates become more and more polar the [[Electric Field]] that the [[Capacitor]] generates grows and opposes [[Current]]. During this time the [[Current]] drops and the [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] climbs. See the **How It Works** section below.
				- > [!Equation]
				  > $$\large{i_{c}=C\frac{dv_{c}}{dt}}$$
				  > 
				  > $i_{c}$ = [[Current]] through the [[Capacitor]] in $A$
				  > $v_{c}$ = [[Voltage]] over the [[Capacitor]] in $V$
				  > $t$ = Time in $s$
			- When $t=\infty$
				- The [[Capacitor]] is charged. No more [[Current]] can flow because the [[Electric Field]] generated by the [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] of the two plates is equal [[Voltage]] being supplied to the [[Capacitor]].
				- $i_{c}=0$
				- $v_{c}=Vs$
- ## How It Works
	- A [[Capacitor]] is actually an [[Open Circuit]], but still allows [[Current]] to flow in a round about way.
		- The two metal plates of the [[Capacitor]] have [[Electron|Electrons]] in them. 
		- When connected to a power source [[Electron|Electrons]] are pushed into one plate.
		- That plate gains a net negative [[Charge]] and repels [[Electron|Electrons]] out of the opposite plate. 
		- This mimics [[Current]] flow and when this is happening the [[Capacitor]] is charging.
		- ![[IMG_1E61DE55C4B6-1.jpeg]]
	- When fully charged there is a massive [[Electron]] build up on one plate and a lack of [[Electron|Electrons]] on the opposite plate stops [[Current]] from flowing.
		- At this point the force of the [[Electric Field]] generated by the difference in [[Charge]] between the two plates is great enough to equal the [[Voltage|Potential Difference]] from the energy source. Therefore no more [[Current]] flows.
		- ![[IMG_3A0FDECF51AF-1.jpeg|200]]
---
- ## Reference
