Center Of Mass.md, before:

---
Alias: [Balance Point, Center Of Masses, COM]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus II]] [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Moment]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Symbol: $\left( \bar{x},\bar{y} \right)$
	- An average of the position of every particle in an object.
		- The point on which an object could balance perfectly.
- ## [[Center Of Mass]] of a shape defined by a curve
	- $\left( \bar{x},\bar{y} \right)$ of a **plane** is given by:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{\bar{x}=\frac{M_{y}}{m}}$$
		  > $$\large{\bar{y}=\frac{M_{x}}{m}}$$
		  > After substitution for [[Moment|Moments]]:
		  > $$\large{\bar{x}=\frac{1}{A}\int_{a}^{b} xf(x) \, dx}$$
		  > $$\large{\bar{y}=\frac{1}{A}\int_{a}^{b} \frac{1}{2}f(x)^2 \, dx}$$
		  > Where $A$ is:
		  > $$\large{A=\int_{a}^{b} f(x) \, dx}$$
		  > 
		  > $A$ = [[Area]] of the Plane
		  > 
		  > > [!Proof]-
		  > > ![[Drawing 2023-01-24 12.27.52.excalidraw|540]]
		  > > $\rho$ = [[Mass Density Constant]] (For proof)
- ## [[Center Of Mass]] of multiple objects
	- If you have multiple particles, you can find the center of mass by averaging the mass of each particle against the total mass.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{r_{cm}=\sum^{\infty}_{n=1}\frac{m_{n}r_{n}}{m_{total}}}$$
	- ![[Screen Shot 2023-04-06 at 9.27.21 PM.png|300]]
	- You can find the [[Velocity]] of the [[Center Of Mass]] by averaging the [[Momentum]] of the [[Center Of Mass]] of each object with the total mass.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{v}_{cm}=\frac{\sum^{n}_{i=1}m_{i}v_{i}}{M_{total}}}$$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Calculus II Recitation Jan 26.pdf]]
	- [[Calculus II Test 1 Review.pdf]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Moments And Center Of Mass - Textbook 1.pdf]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-04-08 16:55:02
Affected files:
Center Of Mass.md

Center Of Mass.md, after:

---
Alias: [Balance Point, Center Of Masses, COM]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus II]] [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Moment]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Symbol: $\left( \bar{x},\bar{y} \right)$
	- An average of the position of every particle in an object.
		- The point on which an object could balance perfectly.
- ## [[Center Of Mass]] of a shape defined by a curve
	- $\left( \bar{x},\bar{y} \right)$ of a **plane** is given by:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{\bar{x}=\frac{M_{y}}{m}}$$
		  > $$\large{\bar{y}=\frac{M_{x}}{m}}$$
		  > After substitution for [[Moment|Moments]]:
		  > $$\large{\bar{x}=\frac{1}{A}\int_{a}^{b} xf(x) \, dx}$$
		  > $$\large{\bar{y}=\frac{1}{A}\int_{a}^{b} \frac{1}{2}f(x)^2 \, dx}$$
		  > Where $A$ is:
		  > $$\large{A=\int_{a}^{b} f(x) \, dx}$$
		  > 
		  > $A$ = [[Area]] of the Plane
		  > 
		  > > [!Proof]-
		  > > ![[Drawing 2023-01-24 12.27.52.excalidraw|540]]
		  > > $\rho$ = [[Mass Density Constant]] (For proof)
- ## [[Center Of Mass]] of multiple objects
	- If you have multiple particles, you can find the center of mass by averaging the mass of each particle against the total mass.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{r_{cm}=\sum^{\infty}_{n=1}\frac{m_{n}r_{n}}{m_{total}}}$$
	- ![[Screen Shot 2023-04-06 at 9.27.21 PM.png|300]]
	- You can find the [[Velocity]] of the [[Center Of Mass]] by averaging the [[Momentum]] of the [[Center Of Mass]] of each object with the total mass.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{v}_{cm}=\frac{\sum^{n}_{i=1}m_{i}v_{i}}{M_{total}}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{v}_{cm}$ = [[Velocity]] of the [[Center Of Mass]] in $\frac{m}{s}$
	  > $n$ = The number of objects in the system
	  > $m_{i}$ = The mass of one object in $kg$
	  > $v_{i}$ = The velocity of one object in $\frac{m}{s}$
	  > $M_{total}$ = The total mass of the system in $kg$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Calculus II Recitation Jan 26.pdf]]
	- [[Calculus II Test 1 Review.pdf]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Moments And Center Of Mass - Textbook 1.pdf]]
