Chemistry.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Tue September 6th 2022 04:56:38 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Table of Contents
	- [[Schrodinger Model]]
		- Quantum Numbers
			- [[Spin Quantum Number]]
			- [[Magnetic Orbital Quantum Number]]
			- [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]
			- [[ Principle Quantum Number]]
		- [[Electron Orbital Configuration]]
			- [[Atomic States]]
			- Rules for Occupation
				- [[Hund's Rule]]
				- [[Pauli Exclusion Principle]]
	- [[Absorption and Emission]]
	- [[Spectrum of Light]]
		- [[Speed of Light]] (3e8 m/s)
		- [[Visible Light]]
		- Wavelength, Frequency, and Energy
			- [[Wavelength]]
			- [[Frequency]]
				- [[Hertz]]
			- [[Energy]]
				- [[Endothermic Process]]
				- [[Exothermic Process]]
			- [[Planck's Equation]] (Relates energy to frequency)
				- [[Planck's Constant]]
			- [[Rydberg's Equation]] (Used to predict the wavelength emitted by an electron changing energy levels)
				- [[Rydberg's Constant]]
	- Models of the Atom
		- [[Schrodinger Model]] (Also shown above because there is so much under this topic)
			- [[Vibrating String]]
		- [[Bohr's Model]]
			- [[Hydrogen Atom Line Spectra]]
		- [[Rutherford's Model]]
		- [[Thompson's Plum Pudding]]
	- [[Subatomic Particles]]
		- [[Proton]]
		- [[Electron]]
			- [[Valence Electron]]
		- Interactions
			- [[Coulomb's Law of Energy]]
			- [[Coulomb's Law of Force]]
				- [[Dielectric Constant]]
	- Types of very small things
		- [[Atom]]
		- [[Molecule]]
		- [[Compound]]
			- [[Covalent Compound]]
			- [[Ionic Compound]]
		- [[Isotope]]
		- [[Ion]]
			- [[Monoatomic Ion]]
			- [[Polyatomic Ions]]
	- [[Periodic Table]]
		- [[Element]]
		- [[Mass Number]]
		- [[Molar Mass]]
		- [[Atomic Mass Unit]]
		- [[Non-Metal]]
		- [[Metal]]
	- [[Chemical Reaction]]
		- [[Chemical Formula]]
		- [[Balanced Equation]]
		- [[Limiting Reactant]]
	- [[Conversions]]
		- [[Mole]]
		- [[Avogadro's Number]] ($6.022e23$ per mol)
	- Other
		- [[Avogadro's Law]]
		- [[Density]] ($d=\frac{m}{v}$)
- ## Raw Files
	- ```dataview
		TABLE file.ctime as "Time Created"
		FROM [[Chemistry]]
		SORT file.ctime DESC
		```

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-11 22:03:40
Affected files:
.obsidian/appearance.json
.obsidian/graph.json
.obsidian/workspace
Atomic Radius.md
Atomic States.md
Chemistry.md
Effective Nuclear Charge.md
Electron Orbital Configuration.md
Electronegativity.md
Ionization Energy.md
References/IMG_397F2199BC14-1.jpeg
References/IMG_5C84DA58F779-1.jpeg
References/IMG_D4D31EB624FC-1.jpeg
References/IMG_F968DCB6A61F-1.jpeg
Schrodinger Model.md
Shielding Constant.md
Vault/Bohr's Model.md
Vault/Energy.md
Vault/Rydberg's Constant.md
Vault/Valence Electron.md

Chemistry.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Tue September 6th 2022 04:56:38 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Table of Contents
	- Trends on the Periodic Table relating to the quantum numbers and electron behavior
		- [[Effective Nuclear Charge]]
		- [[Shielding Constant]]
		- [[Electronegativity]]
		- [[Ionization Energy]]
		- [[Atomic Radius]]
	- [[Schrodinger Model]]
		- Quantum Numbers
			- [[Spin Quantum Number]]
			- [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]
			- [[Magnetic Orbital Quantum Number]]
			- [[ Principle Quantum Number]]
		- [[Electron Orbital Configuration]]
			- [[Atomic States]]
			- Rules for Occupation
				- [[Hund's Rule]]
				- [[Pauli Exclusion Principle]]
	- [[Absorption and Emission]]
	- [[Spectrum of Light]]
		- [[Speed of Light]] (3e8 m/s)
		- [[Visible Light]]
		- Wavelength, Frequency, and Energy
			- [[Wavelength]]
			- [[Frequency]]
				- [[Hertz]]
			- [[Energy]]
				- [[Endothermic Process]]
				- [[Exothermic Process]]
			- [[Planck's Equation]] (Relates energy to frequency)
				- [[Planck's Constant]]
			- [[Rydberg's Equation]] (Used to predict the wavelength emitted by an electron changing energy levels)
				- [[Rydberg's Constant]]
	- Models of the Atom
		- [[Schrodinger Model]] (Also shown above because there is so much under this topic)
			- [[Vibrating String]]
		- [[Bohr's Model]]
			- [[Hydrogen Atom Line Spectra]]
		- [[Rutherford's Model]]
		- [[Thompson's Plum Pudding]]
	- [[Subatomic Particles]]
		- [[Proton]]
		- [[Electron]]
			- [[Valence Electron]]
		- Interactions
			- [[Coulomb's Law of Energy]]
			- [[Coulomb's Law of Force]]
				- [[Dielectric Constant]]
	- Types of very small things
		- [[Atom]]
		- [[Molecule]]
		- [[Compound]]
			- [[Covalent Compound]]
			- [[Ionic Compound]]
		- [[Isotope]]
		- [[Ion]]
			- [[Monoatomic Ion]]
			- [[Polyatomic Ions]]
	- [[Periodic Table]]
		- [[Element]]
		- [[Mass Number]]
		- [[Molar Mass]]
		- [[Atomic Mass Unit]]
		- [[Non-Metal]]
		- [[Metal]]
	- [[Chemical Reaction]]
		- [[Chemical Formula]]
		- [[Balanced Equation]]
		- [[Limiting Reactant]]
	- [[Conversions]]
		- [[Mole]]
		- [[Avogadro's Number]] ($6.022e23$ per mol)
	- Other
		- [[Avogadro's Law]]
		- [[Density]] ($d=\frac{m}{v}$)
- ## Raw Files
	- ```dataview
		TABLE file.ctime as "Time Created"
		FROM [[Chemistry]]
		SORT file.ctime DESC
		```
