Conditional Probability.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Discrete Math]]
> Parents:: [[Probability]]
> Friends:: [[Bayes' Theorem]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- [[Probability]] of an outcome for some [[Event]] $B$ if an outcome of some [[Event]] $A$ is already known.
	- "Given" is notated with $\mid$.
		- $A\mid B$ is read as "A given B".
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{P(A\mid B)=\frac{P(A\cap B)}{P(B)}}$$
	- Think of this as redefining the [[Sample Space]]. If event $B$ is known to be true, or is given, then the [[Sample Space]] becomes $B$ and the only possibilities remaining are $A\mid B$ and $\bar{A}\mid B$.
	  ![[Pasted image 20240201212622.png]]
	- Complements with [[Conditional Probability]]:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{P(A\mid B)+P(\bar{A}\mid B)=1}$$
- #### Total Probability Theorem
	- For two events $A$ and $B$, if $A$ and $B$ are [[Pairwise Disjoint|Mutually Exclusive]] and [[Mutually Exhaustive Events]].
- #### Conditionally Independent Events
	- If two events are 
---
- ## Practice

Commit message:

vault backup: 2024-02-01 23:32:59
Affected files:
Conditional Probability.md

Conditional Probability.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Discrete Math]]
> Parents:: [[Probability]]
> Friends:: [[Bayes' Theorem]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- [[Probability]] of an outcome for some [[Event]] $B$ if an outcome of some [[Event]] $A$ is already known.
	- "Given" is notated with $\mid$.
		- $A\mid B$ is read as "A given B".
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{P(A\mid B)=\frac{P(A\cap B)}{P(B)}}$$
	- Think of this as redefining the [[Sample Space]]. If event $B$ is known to be true, or is given, then the [[Sample Space]] becomes $B$ and the only possibilities remaining are $A\mid B$ and $\bar{A}\mid B$.
	  ![[Pasted image 20240201212622.png]]
	- Complements with [[Conditional Probability]]:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{P(A\mid B)+P(\bar{A}\mid B)=1}$$
- #### Total Probability Theorem
	- For two events $A$ and $B$, if $A$ and $B$ are [[Pairwise Disjoint|Mutually Exclusive]] and [[Mutually Exhaustive Events]].
- #### Conditionally Independent Events
	- Probability of conditionally independent [[Event|Events]].
		- Conditionally independent is the same as [[Independent Events]], just with respect to the "new sample space".
	- If two events are [[Conditionally Independent]] given some [[Event]] $M$:
	  > 
---
- ## Practice
