Coulomb's Law of Force.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed August 31st 2022 10:49:24 am 
Modification Date: NaN
---
# NaN
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition ^5645df
	- Equation that states that like [[Charge|Charges]] repel and opposite [[Charge|Charges]] attract.
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{F=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr^2}}$$
	  > $F$ = Force in [[Newtons]]
	  > $k$ = [[Coulomb's Constant]] = ($8.9875e9\frac{Nm^2}{C^2}$)
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] (Coulombs)
	  > $Ɛ$ = [[Dielectric Constant]]
	  > $r$ = Distance (mm)
	- When the [[Charge|Charges]] of two [[Subatomic Particles|Particles]] are both positive or both negative the force is **positive and repulsive**
	- When one [[Subatomic Particles|Particle]] is positively [[Charge|Charged]] and one is negatively [[Charge|Charged]], the force is **negative and attractive**.
	- The [[Force]] is the strongest when dealing with two large [[Charge|Charges]] and the atoms are close together.
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-04 14.47.34.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Strongly related to [[Coulomb's Law of Energy]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-02-09 23:39:11
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Charge (Chemistry).md
Coulomb's Law of Energy.md
Coulomb's Law of Force.md
Electromagnetic Force.md
Electron.md
Ion.md
Ionic Compound.md
Isotope.md
Monoatomic Ion.md
Naming Oxanions.md
Oxidation State.md

Coulomb's Law of Force.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed August 31st 2022 10:49:24 am 
Modification Date: NaN
---
# NaN
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition ^5645df
	- Equation that states that like [[Charge (Chemistry)|Charges]] repel and opposite [[Charge (Chemistry)|Charges]] attract.
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{F=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr^2}}$$
	  > $F$ = Force in [[Newtons]]
	  > $k$ = [[Coulomb's Constant]] = ($8.9875e9\frac{Nm^2}{C^2}$)
	  > $q$ = [[Charge (Chemistry)]] (Coulombs)
	  > $Ɛ$ = [[Dielectric Constant]]
	  > $r$ = Distance (mm)
	- When the [[Charge (Chemistry)|Charges]] of two [[Subatomic Particles|Particles]] are both positive or both negative the force is **positive and repulsive**
	- When one [[Subatomic Particles|Particle]] is positively [[Charge (Chemistry)|Charged]] and one is negatively [[Charge (Chemistry)|Charged]], the force is **negative and attractive**.
	- The [[Force]] is the strongest when dealing with two large [[Charge (Chemistry)|Charges]] and the atoms are close together.
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-04 14.47.34.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Strongly related to [[Coulomb's Law of Energy]].
