Current.md, before:

---
Alias: [Currents, Volt, Volts, V]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Voltage]] [[Ohm's Law]] [[Resistance]] [[Amp]] [[Voltage]] [[Drift Speed]]
> Children:: [[Kirchhoff’s Current Law]] [[Conventional Current]]
---
- ## Definition
	- [[Current]] is how much [[Charge]] moves per unit of time.
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{I=\frac{dq}{dt}}$$
	  > 
	  > $I$ = [[Current]] in $A$
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] in $C$
	  > $t$ = Time in $s$
	- Symbol is $I$
	- Current is related to [[Voltage]] with [[Ohm's Law]].
	  ![[Ohm's Law#^1c650e]]
	- Taking a look on a more microscopic level yields this equation:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{I=nA\mu E}$$
	  > 
	  > $I$ = [[Current]] in $A$
	  > $n$ = Number of [[Electron|Electrons]] in the wire or [[Electron]] Density in $m^3$
	  > $A$ = Cross-sectional Area of Wire in $m^2$
	  > $E$ = [[Electric Field]] in the wire due to [[Voltage|Electric Potential Difference]] in $\frac{N}{C}$
	  > $\mu$ = [[Electron Mobility Constant]] in $?$
	  > 
	  > Note that [[Drift Speed]] can be substituted in for $\mu E$.
	- Convert form [[Electron|Electrons]] per second to [[Conventional Current]] with like this:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{I=iq}$$
	  > $I$ = [[Conventional Current]] in $A$
	  > $i$ = [[Current]] in $\frac{\text{electrons}}{s}$
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of an [[Proton]] $1.67e-19 \frac{C}{s}$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY208 Homework 18.1-18.5.pdf]]
	- [[ECE200 Homework 6.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-11-04 20:36:13
Affected files:
Current.md

Current.md, after:

---
Alias: [Currents, Volt, Volts, V]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Voltage]] [[Ohm's Law]] [[Resistance]] [[Amp]] [[Voltage]] [[Drift Speed]]
> Children:: [[Kirchhoff’s Current Law]] [[Conventional Current]]
---
- ## Definition
	- [[Current]] is how much [[Charge]] moves per unit of time.
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{I=\frac{dq}{dt}}$$
	  > 
	  > $I$ = [[Current]] in $A$
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] in $C$
	  > $t$ = Time in $s$
	- Symbol is $I$
	- Current is related to [[Voltage]] with [[Ohm's Law]].
	  ![[Ohm's Law#^1c650e]]
	- Taking a look on a more microscopic level yields this equation:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{i=nA\mu E}$$
	  > or
	  > $$\large{I=|q|nA\mu E}$$
	  > 
	  > $I$ = [[Current]] in $A$
	  > $i$ = [[Current]] in $\frac{\text{electrons}}{s}$
	  > $n$ = Number of [[Electron|Electrons]] in the wire or [[Electron]] Density in $m^3$
	  > $A$ = Cross-sectional Area of Wire in $m^2$
	  > $E$ = [[Electric Field]] in the wire due to [[Voltage|Electric Potential Difference]] in $\frac{N}{C}$
	  > $\mu$ = [[Electron Mobility Constant]] in $?$
	  > 
	  > Note that [[Drift Speed]] can be substituted in for $\mu E$.
	- Convert form [[Electron|Electrons]] per second to [[Conventional Current]] with like this:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{I=iq}$$
	  > $I$ = [[Conventional Current]] in $A$
	  > $i$ = [[Current]] in $\frac{\text{electrons}}{s}$
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of an [[Proton]] $1.67e-19 \frac{C}{s}$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY208 Homework 18.1-18.5.pdf]]
	- [[ECE200 Homework 6.pdf]]
- ## Reference
