Curving Motion.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Vector Dot Product]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- The **motion** of an object moving along a circular path.
	- ![[Drawing 2023-02-23 00.09.14.excalidraw||550]]
	- To make an object move in a **circular** motion you need to constantly apply a [[Net Force]] that is perpendicular to its [[Momentum]].
	- We can break $\vec{F}_{net}$ down into its **parallel** and **perpendicular** components with some help from [[The Momentum Principle]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\vec{F}_{net}=\vec{F}_{\parallel}+\vec{F}_{\perp}$$
		  > $$\vec{p}=|\vec{p}|\hat{p}$$
		  > $$\frac{d}{dt}(|\vec{p}|\hat{p})=|\vec{p}| \frac{d\hat{p}}{dt}+\hat{p} \frac{d\vec{p}}{dt}$$
		  > $$\vec{F}_{\parallel}+\vec{F}_{\perp}=|\vec{p}| \frac{d\hat{p}}{dt}+\hat{p} \frac{d\vec{p}}{dt}$$
		  > ---
		  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\parallel}=|\vec{p}| \frac{d\hat{p}}{dt}}$$
		  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\perp}=\hat{p} \frac{d\vec{p}}{dt}}$$
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-02-23 01:27:48
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Curving Motion.md
Vector Dot Product.md

Curving Motion.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Vector Dot Product]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- The **motion** of an object moving along a circular path.
	- ![[Drawing 2023-02-23 00.09.14.excalidraw||550]]
	- To make an object move in a **circular** motion you need to constantly apply a [[Net Force]] that is perpendicular to its [[Momentum]].
	- We can break $\vec{F}_{net}$ down into its **parallel** and **perpendicular** components with some help from [[The Momentum Principle]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\vec{F}_{net}=\vec{F}_{\parallel}+\vec{F}_{\perp}$$
		  > $$\vec{p}=|\vec{p}|\hat{p}$$
		  > $$\frac{d}{dt}(|\vec{p}|\hat{p})=|\vec{p}| \frac{d\hat{p}}{dt}+\hat{p} \frac{d\vec{p}}{dt}$$
		  > $$\vec{F}_{\parallel}+\vec{F}_{\perp}=|\vec{p}| \frac{d\hat{p}}{dt}+\hat{p} \frac{d\vec{p}}{dt}$$
		  > ---
		  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\parallel}=|\vec{p}| \frac{d\hat{p}}{dt}}$$
		  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\perp}=\hat{p} \frac{d\vec{p}}{dt}}$$
		- Use the [[Vector Dot Product]] to find the **parallel** component.
---
- ## Reference
