Derivative.md, before:

---
Alias: [Differentiation, Differentiable, Derivatives, Differentiate]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus]]
> Parents:: [[Limit]]
> Friends:: [[Integral]]
> Children:: [[Derivative Rules]]
---
- ## Definition
	- The slope of a curve.
		- The opposite of an [[Integral]].
	- A real number given by the slope of a the [[Tangent Line]] at that point. Notated as $f'(x)$
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$f'(x)=\lim_{h \rightarrow 0}\frac{f(x-h)-f(x)}{h}$$
	  > 
	  > Provided that the limit exists.
	- This is called [[Derivative|Differentiation]]. 
	- > [!Warning]
	  > The function must be [[Continuity|Continuous]] at the point that you want to take the [[Derivative]] of. The limit may exist, but [[Continuity]] is required for [[Derivative|Differentiation]].
- ## [[Derivative]] of a [[Vector]]
	- Simply the deritive of each 
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-14 12.58.23.excalidraw]]
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-29 19.57.44.excalidraw]]
	- [[Drawing 2023-01-15 11.26.23.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Derivative Rules]] shows the shortcuts for taking the [[Derivative]] of something.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-09-16 17:11:00
Affected files:
Derivative.md
Integral.md
References/MA242 Homework 2.1.pdf

Derivative.md, after:

---
Alias: [Differentiation, Differentiable, Derivatives, Differentiate]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus]]
> Parents:: [[Limit]]
> Friends:: [[Integral]]
> Children:: [[Derivative Rules]]
---
- ## Definition
	- The slope of a curve.
		- The opposite of an [[Integral]].
	- A real number given by the slope of a the [[Tangent Line]] at that point. Notated as $f'(x)$
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$f'(x)=\lim_{h \rightarrow 0}\frac{f(x-h)-f(x)}{h}$$
	  > 
	  > Provided that the limit exists.
	- This is called [[Derivative|Differentiation]]. 
	- > [!Warning]
	  > The function must be [[Continuity|Continuous]] at the point that you want to take the [[Derivative]] of. The limit may exist, but [[Continuity]] is required for [[Derivative|Differentiation]].
- ## [[Derivative]] of a [[Vector]]
	- Simply the [[Derivative]] of each component of the [[Vector]].
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-14 12.58.23.excalidraw]]
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-29 19.57.44.excalidraw]]
	- [[Drawing 2023-01-15 11.26.23.excalidraw]]
	- [[MA242 Homework 2.1.pdf]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Derivative Rules]] shows the shortcuts for taking the [[Derivative]] of something.
