Distance Between 3D Objects.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus III]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Intersection of 3D Objects]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Distance Between a [[Point]] and [[3D Plane]]
	- > [!Equation]
	  > ![[IMG_AD728DFB50C6-1.jpeg]]
	  > $$\large{|\vec{d}|=\frac{|A(x_{0}-x_{1})+B(y_{0}-y_{1})+C(z_{0}-z_{1})|}{\sqrt{ A^2 +B^2+C^{2}}}}$$
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[IMG_316587936F21-1.jpeg]]
- ## Distance Between a [[Vector]] and [[3D Plane]]
	- First ensure that the [[Vector]] and [[3D Plane]] are parallel by taking the [[Vector Dot Product]] of the [[Normal Vector]] of the [[3D Plane]] and the other [[Vector]].
	  > [!Equation]
	  > The [[Vector]] and [[3D Plane]] are parallel if:
	  > $$\large{\vec{v}\cdot \vec{v}_{n}=0}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{v}$ = The [[Vector]] given
	  > $\vec{v}_{n}$ = The [[Normal Vector]] of the [[3D Plane]]
	- **CONTINUE HERE THIS IS NOT DONE**
- ## Distance Between a [[Point]] and [[Vector]]
	- > [!Equation]
	  > ![[IMG_3B7794F9179D-1.jpeg|400]]
	  > $$\large{|\vec{d}|=\frac{|\vec{r}\times \vec{v}|}{|\vec{v}|}=|\vec{r}\times \hat{v}|}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{d}$ = Shortest distance [[Vector]]
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Position [[Vector]] from a point on $\vec{v}$ to $P$
	  > $P$ = Point on drawing
	  > $\vec{v}$ = Vector on drawing
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > Start with the [[Area of a Parallelogram or Parallelepiped]]
	  > > $$\large{A=|\vec{r}\times \vec{v}|}\text{ and }A=|\vec{v}|*|\vec{d}|$$
	  > > $$\large{|\vec{v}|*|\vec{d}|=|\vec{r}\times \vec{v}|}$$
	  > > $$\large{|\vec{d}|=\frac{|\vec{r}\times \vec{v}|}{|\vec{v}|}}$$
- ## Distance Between Two [[Skew Lines]]
	- First ensure that the two [[Vector|Vectors]] are NOT parallel and do NOT intersect.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > ![[IMG_6BE351F26EDD-1.jpeg|400]]
	  > 
	  > $$\large{|\vec{d}|=\frac{\vec{r}\cdot(\vec{v}_{1}\times \vec{v}_{2})}{|\vec{v}_{1}\times \vec{v}_{2}|}}$$
	  > $\vec{d}$ = Shortest distance [[Vector]]
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Distance [[Vector]] between $a_{1}$ and $a_{2}$
	  > $a_{\#}$ = A point on [[Vector]] $v_{\#}$, normally the point in the [[Vector|Vectors]] [[Parametric Function|Parametric Equations]].
	  > $\vec{v}_{\#}$ = [[Vector|Vectors]] labeled on the drawing
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[IMG_91403223BB5F-1.jpeg]]
---
- ## Practice
	- [[MA242 Homework 1.5.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-09-15 20:16:20
Affected files:
Distance Between 3D Objects.md

Distance Between 3D Objects.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus III]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Intersection of 3D Objects]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Distance Between a [[Point]] and [[3D Plane]]
	- > [!Equation]
	  > ![[IMG_AD728DFB50C6-1.jpeg]]
	  > $$\large{|\vec{d}|=\frac{|A(x_{0}-x_{1})+B(y_{0}-y_{1})+C(z_{0}-z_{1})|}{\sqrt{ A^2 +B^2+C^{2}}}}$$
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[IMG_316587936F21-1.jpeg]]
- ## Distance Between a [[Vector]] and [[3D Plane]]
	- First ensure that the [[Vector]] and [[3D Plane]] are parallel by taking the [[Vector Dot Product]] of the [[Normal Vector]] of the [[3D Plane]] and the other [[Vector]].
	  > [!Equation]
	  > The [[Vector]] and [[3D Plane]] are parallel if:
	  > $$\large{\vec{v}\cdot \vec{v}_{n}=0}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{v}$ = The [[Vector]] given
	  > $\vec{v}_{n}$ = The [[Normal Vector]] of the [[3D Plane]]
	- If the [[Vector]] is parallel to the [[3D Plane]] then you can simply use the **Distance Between a [[Point]] and [[3D Plane]]** formula with the [[Point]] being the [[Point]] the [[Vector|Vectors]] starts at.
- ## Distance Between a [[Point]] and [[Vector]]
	- > [!Equation]
	  > ![[IMG_3B7794F9179D-1.jpeg|400]]
	  > $$\large{|\vec{d}|=\frac{|\vec{r}\times \vec{v}|}{|\vec{v}|}=|\vec{r}\times \hat{v}|}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{d}$ = Shortest distance [[Vector]]
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Position [[Vector]] from a point on $\vec{v}$ to $P$
	  > $P$ = Point on drawing
	  > $\vec{v}$ = Vector on drawing
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > Start with the [[Area of a Parallelogram or Parallelepiped]]
	  > > $$\large{A=|\vec{r}\times \vec{v}|}\text{ and }A=|\vec{v}|*|\vec{d}|$$
	  > > $$\large{|\vec{v}|*|\vec{d}|=|\vec{r}\times \vec{v}|}$$
	  > > $$\large{|\vec{d}|=\frac{|\vec{r}\times \vec{v}|}{|\vec{v}|}}$$
- ## Distance Between Two [[Skew Lines]]
	- First ensure that the two [[Vector|Vectors]] are NOT parallel and do NOT intersect.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > ![[IMG_6BE351F26EDD-1.jpeg|400]]
	  > 
	  > $$\large{|\vec{d}|=\frac{\vec{r}\cdot(\vec{v}_{1}\times \vec{v}_{2})}{|\vec{v}_{1}\times \vec{v}_{2}|}}$$
	  > $\vec{d}$ = Shortest distance [[Vector]]
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Distance [[Vector]] between $a_{1}$ and $a_{2}$
	  > $a_{\#}$ = A point on [[Vector]] $v_{\#}$, normally the point in the [[Vector|Vectors]] [[Parametric Function|Parametric Equations]].
	  > $\vec{v}_{\#}$ = [[Vector|Vectors]] labeled on the drawing
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[IMG_91403223BB5F-1.jpeg]]
---
- ## Practice
	- [[MA242 Homework 1.5.pdf]]
- ## Reference
