Electron Orbital Occupation.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed September 7th 2022 03:43:54 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Rules
	- Electrons will always seek the lowest energy available [[Orbital]].
	- [[Pauli Exclusion Principle]]
	![[Pauli Exclusion Principle#^31c667]]
	- [[Hund's Rule]]
	![[Hund's Rule#^cc262a]]
- ## Periodic Table and [[Electron Orbital Occupation]]
	- [[Element|Elements]] in the same group on the [[Periodic Table]] have the same outer [[Electron]] configuration and therefore the same chemical properties and reactivity.
		- ![[IMG_C1B7D4955DEC-1.jpeg|300]]
		- ![[IMG_19A1DB812443-1.jpeg|300]]
		- ![[Drawing 2022-09-08 15.22.24.excalidraw]]
- ## Notation
	- #### DEFAULT Notation
		- Write out each [[Sublevel]] for an [[Element]]. Each [[Orbital]] will have the number of [[Electron|Electrons]] in it written in the exponents place.
		  > [!Example]
		  > Si, [[Atomic number]] = 14
		  > 
		  > There are 14 [[Electron|Electrons]] 
- ## Reference
	- [[Electron Orbital Occupation]] determine how [[Electron|Electrons]] occupy [[Sublevel|Sublevels]] and [[Orbital|Orbitals]] at their ground state.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-08 16:04:25
Affected files:
Electron Orbital Occupation.md
References/IMG_0472B7CACFC2-1.jpeg
References/Pasted image 20220908155935.png

Electron Orbital Occupation.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed September 7th 2022 03:43:54 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Rules
	- Electrons will always seek the lowest energy available [[Orbital]].
	- [[Pauli Exclusion Principle]]
	![[Pauli Exclusion Principle#^31c667]]
	- [[Hund's Rule]]
	![[Hund's Rule#^cc262a]]
- ## Periodic Table and [[Electron Orbital Occupation]]
	- [[Element|Elements]] in the same group on the [[Periodic Table]] have the same outer [[Electron]] configuration and therefore the same chemical properties and reactivity.
		- ![[IMG_C1B7D4955DEC-1.jpeg|300]]
		- ![[Pasted image 20220908155935.png]]
- ## Notation
	- #### DEFAULT Notation
		- Write out each [[Sublevel]] for an [[Element]]. Each [[Orbital]] will have the number of [[Electron|Electrons]] in it written in the exponents place.
		  > [!Example]
		  > Given the neutral atom Si, [[Atomic number]] = 14
		  > 
		  > We know there are 14 [[Electron|Electrons]] because it is neutral.
		  > ![[IMG_0472B7CACFC2-1.jpeg|200]]
		  > We write out each [[Sublevel]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Electron Orbital Occupation]] determine how [[Electron|Electrons]] occupy [[Sublevel|Sublevels]] and [[Orbital|Orbitals]] at their ground state.
