Electromagnetic Force.md, before:

---
Alias: [Electromagnetic Forces, Electric Force, Electric Forces, Coulomb's Law of Force (Physics)]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]] [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: [[Charge]] [[Coulomb's Law of Force (Chemistry)]]
> Friends:: [[Strong Force]] [[Coulomb's Law of Force (Chemistry)]]
> Children:: [[Electric Field]]
---
- ## Definition
	- The force that one [[Proton]] or [[Electron]] has on another [[Proton]] or [[Electron]].
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\text{electric}}=|\vec{F}_{\text{electric}}|*\hat{r}}$$
	  > $$\large{|\vec{F}_{\text{electric}}|=\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_{0}}*\frac{Q_{1}Q_{2}}{|\vec{r}|^2}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{F}_{\text{electric}}$ = [[Electromagnetic Force]] felt by $Q_{1}$ in $N$
	  > $Q$ = [[Charge]] in $C$
	  > $\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_{0}}$ = $9e9\frac{Nm^2}{c^2}$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Position of [[Charge]] source 1 to position of [[Charge]] source 2 in $m$
	- ![[IMG_1623.jpg|200]]
	- > [!Memory Aid]
	  > The [[Charge|Charges]] are only attracted to each other when the arrows connect the two [[Charge|Charges]]. If they do not connect, then they repel.
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 3.11-3.12.pdf]]
	- [[PY205 Homework 3.7.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-10-28 23:13:27
Affected files:
Electromagnetic Force.md
Magnetic Field.md

Electromagnetic Force.md, after:

---
Alias: [Electromagnetic Forces, Electric Force, Electric Forces, Coulomb's Law of Force (Physics)]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]] [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: [[Charge]] [[Coulomb's Law of Force (Chemistry)]] [[Magnetic Field]]
> Friends:: [[Strong Force]] [[Coulomb's Law of Force (Chemistry)]]
> Children:: [[Electric Field]]
---
- ## Definition
	- The force that one [[Proton]] or [[Electron]] has on another [[Proton]] or [[Electron]].
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\text{electric}}=|\vec{F}_{\text{electric}}|*\hat{r}}$$
	  > $$\large{|\vec{F}_{\text{electric}}|=\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_{0}}*\frac{Q_{1}Q_{2}}{|\vec{r}|^2}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{F}_{\text{electric}}$ = [[Electromagnetic Force]] felt by $Q_{1}$ in $N$
	  > $Q$ = [[Charge]] in $C$
	  > $\frac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_{0}}$ = $9e9\frac{Nm^2}{c^2}$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Position of [[Charge]] source 1 to position of [[Charge]] source 2 in $m$
	- ![[IMG_1623.jpg|200]]
	- > [!Memory Aid]
	  > The [[Charge|Charges]] are only attracted to each other when the arrows connect the two [[Charge|Charges]]. If they do not connect, then they repel.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{F}=q\vec{v}\times \vec{B}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{F}$ = [[Electromagnetic Force]] in $N$
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of a [[Proton]] in $C$
	  > $\vec{v}$ = [[Velocity]] in $\frac{m}{s}$
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] in $T$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 3.11-3.12.pdf]]
	- [[PY205 Homework 3.7.pdf]]
- ## Reference
