Electron Orbital Configuration.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed September 7th 2022 03:43:54 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## [[Element|Elemental]] [[Electron]] [[Orbital]] Configuration
	- #### Connection to Quantum Numbers
		- Each [[Element]] follows the same rules that are defined by its [[Quantum Number|Quantum Numbers]] and place on the [[Periodic Table]].
		- $n$[^1] defines the [[Principle Quantum Number|Energy Levels]].
			- The value of $n$ is defined by the [[Element|Element's]] location on the [[Periodic Table]].
			- Let $r$ be the **row number**:
				- The $n$ value for the **$s$** and **$p$** block is **$r$**
				- The $n$ value for the **$d$** block is **$r-1$**.
				- The $n$ value for the **$f$** block is **$r-2$**.
		- $\ell$[^2] defines the number of [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]] in each [[Principle Quantum Number|Energy Level]].
			- There are $0$ to $n-1$ [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]].
			- Lettered with [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number#^46c827|This Chart]].
		- $m_l$[^3] defines the number of [[Orbital|Orbitals]] in each [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
			- There are $2\ell+1$ [[Orbital|Orbitals]] per [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
			- Numbered from $-\ell$ to $\ell$.
		- When mapped to the [[Periodic Table]] it looks like this:
			- ![[Pasted image 20220908155935.png]]
		- And when mapped to the [[Schrodinger Model]] with [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]] in order of Energy from **least to greatest (Right to left then top to bottom on the [[Periodic Table]])**:
			- ![[IMG_C1B7D4955DEC-1]]
	- #### Writing the Configuration:
		- Write the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]] in this format:
		  - > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{n\ell^x}$$
		  > 
		  > $n$ = [[Principle Quantum Number]]
		  > $\ell$ = [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]
		  > $x$ = The number of [[Electrons]] filling the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
		- Move from the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] with the least energy to the one with the most. This is **from left to right then top to bottom**.
		- > [!Example]-
      	   > Electron configuration for Br:
      	> ![[IMG_EF59AD52784B-1.jpeg]]
	  
- ## Filling [[Orbital|Orbitals]]
	- Electrons will always seek the lowest energy available [[Orbital]].
	- [[Pauli Exclusion Principle]]
	![[Pauli Exclusion Principle#^31c667]]
	- [[Hund's Rule]]
	![[Hund's Rule#^cc262a]]
- ## Periodic Table and [[Electron Orbital Configuration]]
	- [[Element|Elements]] in the same group on the [[Periodic Table]] have the same outer [[Electron]] configuration and therefore the same chemical properties and reactivity.
		- ![[IMG_C1B7D4955DEC-1.jpeg|300]]
		- ![[Pasted image 20220908155935.png]]
- ## Notation
	- #### DEFAULT Notation
		- Write out each [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] for an [[Element]]. Each [[Orbital]] will have the number of [[Electron|Electrons]] in it written in the exponents place.
		  > [!Example]-
		  > Given the neutral atom Si, [[Atomic number]] = 14
		  > 
		  > We know there are 14 [[Electron|Electrons]] because it is neutral.
		  > ![[IMG_0472B7CACFC2-1.jpeg|200]]
		  > So its configuration would be: $1s^2$ $2s^2$ $2p^6$ $3s^2$ $3p^2$
- ## Reference

[^1]: $n$: [[Principle Quantum Number]]
[^2]: $\ell$: [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]
[^3]: $m_l$: [[Magnetic Orbital Quantum Number]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-09 14:24:35
Affected files:
Electron Orbital Configuration.md

Electron Orbital Configuration.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed September 7th 2022 03:43:54 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## [[Element|Elemental]] [[Electron]] [[Orbital]] Configuration
	- #### Connection to Quantum Numbers
		- Each [[Element]] follows the same rules that are defined by its [[Quantum Number|Quantum Numbers]] and place on the [[Periodic Table]].
		- $n$[^1] defines the [[Principle Quantum Number|Energy Levels]].
			- The value of $n$ is defined by the [[Element|Element's]] location on the [[Periodic Table]].
			- Let $r$ be the **row number**:
				- The $n$ value for the **$s$** and **$p$** block is **$r$**
				- The $n$ value for the **$d$** block is **$r-1$**.
				- The $n$ value for the **$f$** block is **$r-2$**.
		- $\ell$[^2] defines the number of [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]] in each [[Principle Quantum Number|Energy Level]].
			- There are $0$ to $n-1$ [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]].
			- Lettered with [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number#^46c827|This Chart]].
		- $m_l$[^3] defines the number of [[Orbital|Orbitals]] in each [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
			- There are $2\ell+1$ [[Orbital|Orbitals]] per [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
			- Numbered from $-\ell$ to $\ell$.
		- When mapped to the [[Periodic Table]] it looks like this:
			- ![[Pasted image 20220908155935.png]]
		- And when mapped to the [[Schrodinger Model]] with [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]] in order of Energy from **least to greatest (Right to left then top to bottom on the [[Periodic Table]])**:
			- ![[IMG_C1B7D4955DEC-1.jpeg|250]]
	- #### Writing the Configuration:
		- Write the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]] in this format:
		  - > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{n\ell^x}$$
		  > 
		  > $n$ = [[Principle Quantum Number]]
		  > $\ell$ = [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]
		  > $x$ = The number of [[Electrons]] filling the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
		- Move from the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]] with the least energy to the one with the most. This is **from left to right then top to bottom**.
		- > [!Example]-
      	   > Electron configuration for $_{35}Br$:
      	> ![[IMG_EF59AD52784B-1.jpeg]]

		- > [!Example]-
      	   > Electron configuration for $_{14}Si$:
            > ![[IMG_0472B7CACFC2-1.jpeg|200]]
            > So its configuration would be: $1s^2$ $2s^2$ $2p^6$ $3s^2$ $3p^2$

- ## Filling [[Orbital|Orbitals]]
	- Electrons will always seek the lowest energy available [[Orbital]].
	- [[Pauli Exclusion Principle]]
	![[Pauli Exclusion Principle#^31c667]]
	- [[Hund's Rule]]
	![[Hund's Rule#^cc262a]]
- ## Shorthand Notation
	- Instead of writing out all the pervious row's fully filled [[Electron]] configurations, you can simply abbreviate it with the [[Noble Gas]] in the [[Element]].
		> [!Example]
		> 
- ## Reference

[^1]: $n$: [[Principle Quantum Number]]
[^2]: $\ell$: [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]
[^3]: $m_l$: [[Magnetic Orbital Quantum Number]]
