Enthalpy.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu October 20th 2022 12:15:00 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- Notated as $\Delta H$
	- The change in **heat** at a **constant** [[Pressure]].
		- Ex: Water changing phases from a [[Liquid]] to a [[Gas]] would have positive [[Enthalpy]] because [[Energy]] is released during the process.
	- > [!Equation]
	> $$\Delta E_{system}=\Delta H+w$$
	> 
	> $\Delta E_{system}$ = [[Energy]] of the system
	> $\Delta H$ = [[Enthalpy]]
	> $w$ = [[Work]]
	
	- The [[Enthalpy]] of a reaction can be calculated by comparing the [[Energy]] in the **bonds** of the **reactants** and the [[Energy]] in the **bonds** of the **product**. The difference is the [[Enthalpy]].
		- > [!Equation]
		> $$\Delta H \approx \sum \#_{bonds\ broken} - \sum \#_{bonds\ formed}$$
		- ![[IMG_576CF206F300-1.jpeg]]
	
- ## Standard [[Enthalpy]]
	- [[Enthalpy]] at **1 [[Pressure|atm]]**.
- ## [[Enthalpy]] of [[Combustion]]
	- [[Enthalpy]] when one [[Mole]] of substance reacts with **oxygen** at a **constant** [[Pressure]].
	> [!Example]
	> $$C_6H_{12}O_6 (s) + 6O_2 (g)\rightarrow 6CO_2 (g) + 6H_2O(l)$$
	> A [[Solid]] and [[Gas]] reacting to form a [[Gas]] and [[Liquid]].
	> $$\Delta H = -2816 \frac{kj}{mol}$$
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-20 17:16:00
Affected files:
Enthalpy.md
References/IMG_ACA83FFEC619-1.jpeg

Enthalpy.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu October 20th 2022 12:15:00 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- Notated as $\Delta H$
	- The change in **heat** at a **constant** [[Pressure]].
		- Ex: Water changing phases from a [[Liquid]] to a [[Gas]] would have positive [[Enthalpy]] because [[Energy]] is released during the process.
	- > [!Equation]
	> $$\Delta E_{system}=\Delta H+w$$
	> 
	> $\Delta E_{system}$ = [[Energy]] of the system
	> $\Delta H$ = [[Enthalpy]]
	> $w$ = [[Work]]
	
- ## [[Enthalpy]] In Chemical Reactions
	- The [[Enthalpy]] of a reaction can be calculated by comparing the [[Energy]] in the **bonds** of the **reactants** and the [[Energy]] in the **bonds** of the **product**. The difference is the [[Enthalpy]].
		- > [!Equation]
		> $$\Delta H \approx \sum \#_{bonds\ broken} - \sum \#_{bonds\ formed}$$
		- **Bond Energies** can be found with this chart
			- ![[IMG_ACA83FFEC619-1.jpeg|400]]
		- > [!Example]-
		  > ![[IMG_576CF206F300-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Standard [[Enthalpy]]
	- [[Enthalpy]] at **1 [[Pressure|atm]]**.
- ## [[Enthalpy]] of [[Combustion]]
	- [[Enthalpy]] when one [[Mole]] of substance reacts with **oxygen** at a **constant** [[Pressure]].
	> [!Example]
	> $$C_6H_{12}O_6 (s) + 6O_2 (g)\rightarrow 6CO_2 (g) + 6H_2O(l)$$
	> A [[Solid]] and [[Gas]] reacting to form a [[Gas]] and [[Liquid]].
	> $$\Delta H = -2816 \frac{kj}{mol}$$
- ## Reference
