Entropy.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu October 20th 2022 06:39:54 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The amount of [[Molecule|Molecular]] disorder in a **system**.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\Delta S = \frac{q}{T}$$
	  > 
	  > $\Delta S$ = [[Entropy]]
	  > $T$ = [[Temperature]] in [[Temperature|K]]
	  > $q$ = [[Heat]] in 
	- Change in [[Entropy]] is [[Temperature]] dependent. 
		- 
	- [[Entropy]] is higher in [[Gas|Gases]] then it is in [[Solid|Solids]].
		- This is because in a [[Solid]] the particles are all tightly bound together and so stay in roughly the same configuration, where particles in a [[Gas]] are able to move about freely and so constantly change.
		- Can largely be determined by the [[Mole|Moles]] of [[Gas]] on the **reactant's side** vs  the **product's side**.
			- > [!Example]
			  > $$CaCO_3(s) \rightarrow CaO(s) + CO_2(g)$$
			  > 0 mol of gas on reactants side and 1 mol of gas on the products side. **Entropy Increased.**
			  > 
			  > $$3H_2(g)+N_2(g)\rightarrow 2NH_3(g)$$
			  > 4 mol of gas on reactants side and 2 mol of gas on the products side. **Entropy Decreased.**
- ## Reference
	- Similar to [[Enthalpy]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-22 19:59:45
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Entropy.md

Entropy.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu October 20th 2022 06:39:54 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The amount of [[Molecule|Molecular]] disorder in a **system**.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\Delta S = \frac{q}{T}$$
	  > 
	  > $\Delta S$ = [[Entropy]]
	  > $T$ = [[Temperature]] in [[Temperature|K]]
	  > $q$ = [[Heat]] in 
	- Change in [[Entropy]] is [[Temperature]] dependent. 
		- Using the equation above we can see that the **higher the [[Temperature]] is the less the [[Entropy]] will change given the same amount of [[Heat]]**.
	- [[Entropy]] is higher in [[Gas|Gases]] then it is in [[Solid|Solids]].
		- This is because in a [[Solid]] the particles are all tightly bound together and so stay in roughly the same configuration, where particles in a [[Gas]] are able to move about freely and so constantly change.
		- Can largely be determined by the [[Mole|Moles]] of [[Gas]] on the **reactant's side** vs  the **product's side**.
			- > [!Example]
			  > $$CaCO_3(s) \rightarrow CaO(s) + CO_2(g)$$
			  > 0 mol of gas on reactants side and 1 mol of gas on the products side. **Entropy Increased.**
			  > 
			  > $$3H_2(g)+N_2(g)\rightarrow 2NH_3(g)$$
			  > 4 mol of gas on reactants side and 2 mol of gas on the products side. **Entropy Decreased.**
- ## Reference
	- Similar to [[Enthalpy]].
