Equilibrium.md, before:

---
Alias: [Equilibrium Constant]
Creation Date: Sun October 30th 2022 11:35:10 am 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- When the rate of the [[Rate of Reaction|Forwards Rate of Reaction]] equals the [[Rate of Reaction|Reverse Rate of Reaction]] and the **reaction** stops.
		- $R_f=R_r$
		- $\Delta G=0$
	- The [[Equilibrium|Equilibrium Constant]] is the [[Rate of Reaction|Forwards Rate of Reaction]] over the [[Rate of Reaction|Reverse Rate of Reaction]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$K=\frac{k_f}{k_r}$$
		  > 
		  > $K$ = [[Equilibrium|Equilibrium Constant]]
		  > $k_f$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]]
		  > $k_r$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]]
	- As a **reaction** continues it approaches [[Equilibrium]].
		- [[Molarity|Concentration]] of **reactants** drops and the [[Molarity|Concentration]] of **products** rise. 
		- The forwards [[Rate of Reaction]] and the reverse [[Rate of Reaction]] increase or decrease respectively until they equal one another.
		- ![[IMG_80F9867E5D91-1.jpeg|400]]
			- Reactant is formed at the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]] while 
			- In this example the [[Rate of Reaction|Reverse Rate of Reaction]] (in red) sped up from **0** to **3** and the [[Rate of Reaction|Forwards Rate of Reaction]] (in blue) got slowed down from **8** to **3**. When the two equal each other they are at [[Equilibrium]].
	- When a reaction reaches [[Equilibrium]] the amount of **reactants** and **products** do not have to equal each other.
		- If the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]] is higher then the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]] then there will be a larger amount of **product**
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-30 12:26:14
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Equilibrium.md
Extensivity.md

Equilibrium.md, after:

---
Alias: [Equilibrium Constant]
Creation Date: Sun October 30th 2022 11:35:10 am 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- When the rate of the [[Rate of Reaction|Forwards Rate of Reaction]] equals the [[Rate of Reaction|Reverse Rate of Reaction]] and the **reaction** stops.
		- $R_f=R_r$
		- $\Delta G=0$
	- The [[Equilibrium|Equilibrium Constant]] is the [[Rate of Reaction|Forwards Rate of Reaction]] over the [[Rate of Reaction|Reverse Rate of Reaction]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$K=\frac{k_f}{k_r}$$
		  > 
		  > $K$ = [[Equilibrium|Equilibrium Constant]]
		  > $k_f$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]]
		  > $k_r$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]]
	- As a **reaction** continues it approaches [[Equilibrium]].
		- [[Molarity|Concentration]] of **reactants** drops and the [[Molarity|Concentration]] of **products** rise. 
		- The forwards [[Rate of Reaction]] and the reverse [[Rate of Reaction]] increase or decrease respectively until they equal one another.
		- ![[IMG_80F9867E5D91-1.jpeg|400]]
			- Reactant is formed at the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]] while 
			- In this example the [[Rate of Reaction|Reverse Rate of Reaction]] (in red) sped up from **0** to **3** and the [[Rate of Reaction|Forwards Rate of Reaction]] (in blue) got slowed down from **8** to **3**. When the two equal each other they are at [[Equilibrium]].
	- When a reaction reaches [[Equilibrium]] the amount of **reactants** and **products** do not have to equal each other.
		- If the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]] is higher then the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]] then there will be a larger amount of **product** than **reactant** at [[Equilibrium]].
		- If the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]] is higher then the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]] then there will be a larger amount of **reactant** than **product** at [[Equilibrium]].
- ## Reference
