Gain.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: [[Amplifier]]
> Friends:: [[Signal Equations.canvas|Signal Equations]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- The ratio between the input and output [[Voltage]] of an [[Electrical Component]], generally an [[Amplifier]].
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{A_{v}=\frac{V_{out}}{V_{in}}}$$
	  > 
	  > $A_{v}$ = [[Gain]]
	  > $V_{in}$ = The input [[Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{out}$ = The output [[Voltage]] in $V$
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{G=10\log_{10}\left( \frac{P_{out}}{P_{in}} \right)}$$
	  > or in [[Voltage|Volts]]:
	  > $$\large{G=20\log_{10}(\frac{V_{out}}{V_{in}})}$$
	  > 
	  > $G$ = [[Power]] [[Gain]] in $dB$
	  > $P_{in}$ = Input [[Power]] in $W$
	  > $P_{out}$ = Output [[Power]] in $W$
	  > $V_{in}$ = Input [[Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{out}$ = Output [[Voltage]] in $V$
	  > 
	  > > [!Note]
	  > > Note that the [[Power]] version of [[Gain]] can also be expressed in [[Decibel Watt|Decibel Watts]] like this:
	  > > $$\large{G=10\log_{10}(P_{[W]out})-10\log_{10}(P_{[W]in})=P_{[dBW]out}-P_{[dBW]in}}$$
	  > 
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[IMG_5B18B634A61F-1.jpeg]]
	- The ratio between input and output [[Power]] can be found in a similar way:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > 
---
- ## Practice
	- [[ECE200 Homework 8.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2024-03-20 14:36:21
Affected files:
Decibel Watt.md
Decibel.md
Electrical Component.md
Gain.md
Harmonic Filter.md
Instantaneous Power.md
Power Spectrum.md
Real Power.md
Root Mean Square.md
Signal Equations.canvas
Signal Power.md
Signal to Noise Ratio.md

Gain.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: [[Amplifier]]
> Friends:: [[Signal Equations.canvas|Signal Equations]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- The ratio between the input and output [[Voltage]] of an [[Electrical Component]], generally an [[Amplifier]].
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{A_{v}=\frac{V_{out}}{V_{in}}}$$
	  > 
	  > $A_{v}$ = [[Gain]]
	  > $V_{in}$ = The input [[Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{out}$ = The output [[Voltage]] in $V$
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{G=10\log_{10}\left( \frac{P_{out}}{P_{in}} \right)}$$
	  > or in [[Voltage|Volts]]:
	  > $$\large{G=20\log_{10}(\frac{V_{out}}{V_{in}})}$$
	  > 
	  > $G$ = [[Real Power]] [[Gain]] in $dB$
	  > $P_{in}$ = Input [[Real Power]] in $W$
	  > $P_{out}$ = Output [[Real Power]] in $W$
	  > $V_{in}$ = Input [[Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{out}$ = Output [[Voltage]] in $V$
	  > 
	  > > [!Note]
	  > > Note that the [[Real Power]] version of [[Gain]] can also be expressed in [[Decibel Watt|Decibel Watts]] like this:
	  > > $$\large{G=10\log_{10}(P_{[W]out})-10\log_{10}(P_{[W]in})=P_{[dBW]out}-P_{[dBW]in}}$$
	  > 
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[IMG_5B18B634A61F-1.jpeg]]
	- The ratio between input and output [[Real Power]] can be found in a similar way:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > 
---
- ## Practice
	- [[ECE200 Homework 8.pdf]]
- ## Reference
