Galvanic Cell.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu November 10th 2022 09:55:49 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- A type of [[Electrochemical Cell]] where [[Electron|Electrons]] transfer [[Spontaneity|Spontaneously]] though an external circuit.
		- [[Electron|Electrons]] travel from the [[Anode]] to the [[Cathode]].
		- Converts 
	- ![[IMG_34EA197AEA1F-1.jpeg]]
	- The end goal is to bond $Cu^{+2}$ [[Ion|Ions]] to its [[Electrode]] and pull $Fe$ [[Atom|Atoms]] off of its [[Electrode]].
		1. To do this the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] that are displayed below each **compartment** must be "activated".
			- The battery sends a spare [[Electron]] into the **reduction compartment** and a **$Cu^{+2}$** [[Ion]] reacts with the spare [[Electron]] to form a **$Cu$** [[Atom]] and bond to the **$Cu$** [[Electrode]]. As it does this it changes to a **solid**.
			- This reaction is displayed by the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] below the cell.
		2. The **$Cu^{+2}$** [[Ion]], which was previously bonded with an [[Ion]] in the [[Solvent]] needs to be replaced. 
			1. This is accomplished by the **$KCl$** in the **salt bridge**. It splits into its two [[Ion|Ions]] **$K^+$** and **$Cl^-$**, and the **$K^+$** bonds with the [[Solvent]] to replace the **$Cu^{+2}$**.
		3. **$KCl$** split into **$K^+$** and **$Cl^-$** and **$K^+$** was absorbed by the **reduction compartment's** [[Solvent]]. This releases a free **$Cl^-1$** into the **oxidation compartment** which needs to bond to something.
			- It rips a **$Fe$** [[Atom]] away from the **solid** [[Electrode]] in the **oxidation compartment** and forces it to become an **$Fe^{+2}$** [[Ion]] according to the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] below that **compartment**.
		4. The [[Electron]] freed by the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] as described under the **oxidation compartment** returns to the **battery** to complete the circuit.
- ## Cell Potential Energy
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$E_{cell}=E_{cathode}-E_{anode}$$
	  > 
	  > $E_{cell}$ = The potential energy of the cell in [[Energy|J]]/[[Coulomb's Law of Energy|C]]
	  > $E_{cathode}$ = The [[Voltage]] released according to the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] for the **cathode compartment** in [[Voltage|V]].
	  > $E_{anode}$ = The [[Voltage]] released according to the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] for the **anode compartment** in [[Voltage|V]].
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\Delta G = -n*F*E_{cell}$$
	  > 
	  > $\Delta G$ = [[Free Energy]] in [[Energy|J]]
	  > $n$ = Amount of [[Electron]] transferred in the [[Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Redox Reaction]] in [[Mole|Moles]]
	  > $F$ = [[Faraday's Constant]] in [[Coulomb's Law of Energy|C]]/[[Mole|Moles]]
	  > $E_{cell}$ = The potential energy of the cell in [[Energy|J]]/[[Coulomb's Law of Energy|C]]
	- Note that if $E_{cell}$ then that will force $\Delta G<0$ and make the **reactions** [[Spontaneity|Spontaneous]].
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-11-17 12:18:25
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Electrolytic Cell.md
Galvanic Cell.md

Galvanic Cell.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu November 10th 2022 09:55:49 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- A type of [[Electrochemical Cell]] where [[Electron|Electrons]] transfer [[Spontaneity|Spontaneously]] though an external circuit.
		- Converts **chemical** [[Energy]] into **mechanical** [[Energy]].
		- The product are higher up in energy then the reactants.
		- Think of it like a battery **discharging**.
	- ![[IMG_34EA197AEA1F-1.jpeg]]
	- The end goal is to bond $Cu^{+2}$ [[Ion|Ions]] to its [[Electrode]] and pull $Fe$ [[Atom|Atoms]] off of its [[Electrode]].
		1. To do this the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] that are displayed below each **compartment** must be "activated".
			- The battery sends a spare [[Electron]] into the **reduction compartment** and a **$Cu^{+2}$** [[Ion]] reacts with the spare [[Electron]] to form a **$Cu$** [[Atom]] and bond to the **$Cu$** [[Electrode]]. As it does this it changes to a **solid**.
			- This reaction is displayed by the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] below the cell.
		2. The **$Cu^{+2}$** [[Ion]], which was previously bonded with an [[Ion]] in the [[Solvent]] needs to be replaced. 
			1. This is accomplished by the **$KCl$** in the **salt bridge**. It splits into its two [[Ion|Ions]] **$K^+$** and **$Cl^-$**, and the **$K^+$** bonds with the [[Solvent]] to replace the **$Cu^{+2}$**.
		3. **$KCl$** split into **$K^+$** and **$Cl^-$** and **$K^+$** was absorbed by the **reduction compartment's** [[Solvent]]. This releases a free **$Cl^-1$** into the **oxidation compartment** which needs to bond to something.
			- It rips a **$Fe$** [[Atom]] away from the **solid** [[Electrode]] in the **oxidation compartment** and forces it to become an **$Fe^{+2}$** [[Ion]] according to the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] below that **compartment**.
		4. The [[Electron]] freed by the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] as described under the **oxidation compartment** returns to the **battery** to complete the circuit.
- ## Cell Potential Energy
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$E_{cell}=E_{cathode}-E_{anode}$$
	  > 
	  > $E_{cell}$ = The potential energy of the cell in [[Energy|J]]/[[Coulomb's Law of Energy|C]]
	  > $E_{cathode}$ = The [[Voltage]] released according to the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] for the **cathode compartment** in [[Voltage|V]].
	  > $E_{anode}$ = The [[Voltage]] released according to the [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] for the **anode compartment** in [[Voltage|V]].
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\Delta G = -n*F*E_{cell}$$
	  > 
	  > $\Delta G$ = [[Free Energy]] in [[Energy|J]]
	  > $n$ = Amount of [[Electron]] transferred in the [[Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Redox Reaction]] in [[Mole|Moles]]
	  > $F$ = [[Faraday's Constant]] in [[Coulomb's Law of Energy|C]]/[[Mole|Moles]]
	  > $E_{cell}$ = The potential energy of the cell in [[Energy|J]]/[[Coulomb's Law of Energy|C]]
	- Note that if $E_{cell}$ then that will force $\Delta G<0$ and make the **reactions** [[Spontaneity|Spontaneous]].
- ## Reference
	- [[Electrolytic Cell]] is its counterpart.
	- A type of [[Electrochemical Cell]].
