Gravitational Force.md, before:

---
Alias: [Gravitational Forces, Force of Gravity, Forces of Gravity]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Superposition]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Reciprocity]]
---
- ## Definition
	- The force of **gravity** between two objects.
	- For the two equations below assume there are two objects, **Object 1**
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\text{grav on 2 by 1}}=-G \frac{m_{1}m_{2}}{|\vec{r}|^2}\hat{r}}$$
	  > $$\large{\vec{r}=\vec{r}_{2}-\vec{r}_{1}}$$
	  > 
	  > $G$ = [[Gravitational Constant]] or $6.7e-11  \frac{Nm^2}{kg^2}$.
	  > $m_{\text{1 or 2}}$ = [[Mass]] of Object in $kg$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = The [[Position]] [[Vector]] from object $1$ to $2$ in $m$
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{|\vec{F}|=G \frac{m_{1}m_{2}}{|\vec{r}|^2}}$$
	  > 
	  > $G$ = [[Gravitational Constant]] or $6.7e-11  \frac{Nm^2}{kg^2}$.
	  > $m_{\text{1 or 2}}$ = [[Mass]] of Object in $kg$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = The [[Position]] [[Vector]] from object $1$ to $2$ in $m$
	  
---
- ## Practice
	- 
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-02-05 12:48:41
Affected files:
Gravitational Force.md

Gravitational Force.md, after:

---
Alias: [Gravitational Forces, Force of Gravity, Forces of Gravity]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Superposition]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Reciprocity]]
---
- ## Definition
	- The force of **gravity** between two objects.
	- For the two equations below assume there are two objects. To find the [[Gravitational Force]] acting on **object 2** by **object 1**. We can assume  **object 1** to be the center of focus and the relative origin. Therefore **$\large{\vec{r}}$** is the [[Position]] [[Vector]] from **object 1** to **object 2**.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{g}=-G \frac{m_{1}m_{2}}{|\vec{r}|^2}\hat{r}}$$
	  > $$\large{\vec{r}=\vec{r}_{2}-\vec{r}_{1}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{F}_{g}$ = [[Gravitational Force]] acting on **object 2** by **object 1** in $N$
	  > $G$ = [[Gravitational Constant]] or $6.7e-11  \frac{Nm^2}{kg^2}$.
	  > $m_{\text{1 or 2}}$ = [[Mass]] of Object in $kg$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = The [[Position]] [[Vector]] from object $1$ to $2$ in $m$
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{|\vec{F}|=G \frac{m_{1}m_{2}}{|\vec{r}|^2}}$$
	  > 
	  > $G$ = [[Gravitational Constant]] or $6.7e-11  \frac{Nm^2}{kg^2}$.
	  > $m_{\text{1 or 2}}$ = [[Mass]] of Object in $kg$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = The [[Position]] [[Vector]] from object $1$ to $2$ in $m$
	  
---
- ## Practice
	- 
- ## Reference
