Gravitational Potential Energy.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Potential Energy]]
> Friends:: [[Electric Potential Energy]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Because two masses can do [[Work (Physics)]] on each other when exerting a [[Gravitational Force]] on each other, there is an initial [[Potential Energy]] at play as well.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{U_{g}=-\frac{GM_{1}M_{2}}{r}}$$
	  > 
	  > $U_{g}$ = [[Gravitational Potential Energy]] in $J$
	  > $M_{1/2}$ = Mass in $kg$
	  > $r$ = Separation in $m$
	  > 
	  > > [!Proof]
	  > > We only care about separation in our calculations, so we can ignore vectors. Using the equation in the definition of [[Potential Energy]] we can assume that:
	  > > $$\begin{align}
	\Delta U_{g} & =-F_{g}\Delta r \\
	dU_{g} &=-F_{g}dr
	\end{align}$$
	> > Sub in $F_{g}$ for [[Gravitational Force]] and integrate to find $U_{g}$.
	> > $$\begin{align}
	\int 1 \, dU_{g} & =\int -\frac{GM_{1}M_{2}}{r^2} \, dr   \\
	\int 1 \, dU_{g} &=-GM_{1}M_{2}\int \frac{1}{r_{2}} \, dr \\
	U_{g} & =-\frac{GM_{1}M_{2}}{r}
	\end{align}$$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 6.7-6.8.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-03-30 15:57:20
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Gravitational Potential Energy.md

Gravitational Potential Energy.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Potential Energy]]
> Friends:: [[Electric Potential Energy]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Because two masses can do [[Work (Physics)]] on each other when exerting a [[Gravitational Force]] on each other, there is an initial [[Potential Energy]] at play as well.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{U_{g}=-\frac{GM_{1}M_{2}}{r}}$$
	  > $$\large{\Delta U_{g}=-GM_{1}M_{2}\left( \frac{1}{r_{f}}-\frac{1}{r_{i}} \right)}$$
	  > 
	  > $U_{g}$ = [[Gravitational Potential Energy]] in $J$
	  > $M_{1/2}$ = Mass in $kg$
	  > $r$ = Separation in $m$
	  > 
	  > > [!Proof]
	  > > We only care about separation in our calculations, so we can ignore vectors. Using the equation in the definition of [[Potential Energy]] we can assume that:
	  > > $$\begin{align}
	\Delta U_{g} & =-F_{g}\Delta r \\
	dU_{g} &=-F_{g}dr
	\end{align}$$
	> > Sub in $F_{g}$ for [[Gravitational Force]] and integrate to find $U_{g}$.
	> > $$\begin{align}
	\int 1 \, dU_{g} & =\int -\frac{GM_{1}M_{2}}{r^2} \, dr   \\
	\int 1 \, dU_{g} &=-GM_{1}M_{2}\int \frac{1}{r_{2}} \, dr \\
	U_{g} & =-\frac{GM_{1}M_{2}}{r}
	\end{align}$$
	- > [!Equation]
	  > Near the Earth the equation for [[Gravitational Potential Energy]] can be simplified into:
	  > $$\large{\Delta U_{g}\approx mg\Delta y}$$
	  > 
	  > $U_{g}$ = [[Gravitational Potential Energy]] in $J$
	  > $m$ = Mass in $kg$
	  > $\Delta y$ = Change in height from the Earth in $m$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 6.7-6.8.pdf]]
- ## Reference
