Hybridization.md, before:

---
Alias: [Hybrid Orbital, Hybrid Orbitals]
Creation Date: Wed September 28th 2022 05:01:16 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The "mixing" of [[Orbital|Orbitals]] to form new [[Orbital|Orbitals]] with different [[Electron]] distribution.
		- Accounts for the difference between atomic [[Orbital]] orientation and the observed [[Molecular Shape]].
		- Also accounts for how [[Element|Elements]] like **Carbon** can have 4 **bonds** but only have 2 **unpaired [[Electron|Electrons]]**.
- ## Mixing [[Orbital|Orbitals]] to Make Hybrids
	- The number of [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] tells us how many [[Orbital|Orbitals]] need to be mixed.
	- The [[Hybridization]] of the two new [[Hybridization|Hybrid Orbitals]] is the number of **s** and **p** [[Orbital|Orbitals]] that were mixed.
	- ![[IMG_993936AD7AF3-1.jpeg]]|![[IMG_F91F42023D4F-1.jpeg]]
	  ---|---
- ## [[Pi Bond|Pi Bonds]] and [[Sigma Bond|Sigma Bonds]]
	- Pure [[Orbital|Orbitals]] are used for [[Pi Bond|Pi Bonds]].
	- [[Hybridization|Hybrid Orbitals]] are used for [[Sigma Bond|Sigma Bonds]] and **lone pairs**.
- ## Bonding Visualized
	- ![[Drawing 2022-10-01 14.39.04.excalidraw|1000]]
- ## Practice
	- [[IMG_D00D7BB49B97-1.jpeg]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Pi Bond|Pi Bonds]].
	- [[Sigma Bond|Sigma Bonds]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-01 15:17:57
Affected files:
Hybridization.md
References/Excalidraw/Drawing 2022-10-01 14.39.04.excalidraw.md

Hybridization.md, after:

---
Alias: [Hybrid Orbital, Hybrid Orbitals]
Creation Date: Wed September 28th 2022 05:01:16 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The "mixing" of [[Orbital|Orbitals]] to form new [[Orbital|Orbitals]] with different [[Electron]] distribution.
		- Accounts for the difference between atomic [[Orbital]] orientation and the observed [[Molecular Shape]].
		- Also accounts for how [[Element|Elements]] like **Carbon** can have 4 **bonds** but only have 2 **unpaired [[Electron|Electrons]]**.
- ## Mixing [[Orbital|Orbitals]] to Make Hybrids
	- The number of [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] tells us how many [[Orbital|Orbitals]] need to be mixed.
	- The [[Hybridization]] of the two new [[Hybridization|Hybrid Orbitals]] is the number of **s** and **p** [[Orbital|Orbitals]] that were mixed.
	- ![[IMG_993936AD7AF3-1.jpeg]]|![[IMG_F91F42023D4F-1.jpeg]]
	  ---|---
- ## [[Pi Bond|Pi Bonds]] and [[Sigma Bond|Sigma Bonds]]
	- Pure [[Orbital|Orbitals]] are used for [[Pi Bond|Pi Bonds]].
	- [[Hybridization|Hybrid Orbitals]] are used for [[Sigma Bond|Sigma Bonds]] and **lone pairs**.
- ## Bonding Visualized
	- ![[Drawing 2022-10-01 14.39.04.excalidraw|1000]]
	- The [[Sigma Bond|Sigma Bonds]] are between the [[Hybridization|Hybrid Orbitals]] and the [[Pi Bond|Pi Bonds]] are between the two [[Hybridization|Unhybridized Orbitals]].
- ## Practice
	- [[IMG_D00D7BB49B97-1.jpeg]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Pi Bond|Pi Bonds]].
	- [[Sigma Bond|Sigma Bonds]].
