Implicit Derivative.md, before:

---
Alias: [Implicit Differentiation, Implicitly Differentiated]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus]] [[Calculus III]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- The [[Derivative]] of an [[Implicit Function]].
	- To take the [[Derivative]] of an [[Implicit Function]]:
		- Begin taking the [[Derivative]] like normal.
		- When you need to take the [[Derivative]] of $f(x)$ write it as $\frac{df}{dx}$.
		- After [[Derivative|Differentiation]] solve for $\frac{df}{dx}$, this will probably be in terms of $f(x)$.
		- Optional: Solve the original equation for $f(x)$ and plug it into the [[Implicit Derivative]] that was just calculated.
- ## [[Implicit Derivative]] of a [[Multi-Variable Function]]
	- Use something similar to the basic method of [[Implicit Derivative|Implicit Differentiation]]:
		- > [!Note]
		  > There are two important types of variable types for this method:
		  > - Variable
		  > - Functions of the variable
		- When taking the [[Partial Derivative]] of the **Variable**, do so as normal.
		- When taking the 
	- If another method of [[Implicit Derivative|Implicit Differentiation]] is required then use this equation:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > Let $F(x,y)$ be the function we want to [[Derivative|Differentiate]], it must be solved for $0$.
	  > Let $y=f(x)$.
	  > 
	  > $$\large{\frac{dy}{dx}=-\frac{F_{x}}{F_{y}}}$$
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[Pasted image 20230925182343.png]]
	  > 
	  > > [!Warning]
	  > > I have not used this method yet
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-10-01 16.50.33.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Same as [[Derivative|Differentiation]] but works with $f(x)$ in on both sides.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-10-11 00:00:09
Affected files:
Implicit Derivative.md

Implicit Derivative.md, after:

---
Alias: [Implicit Differentiation, Implicitly Differentiated]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus]] [[Calculus III]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- The [[Derivative]] of an [[Implicit Function]].
	- To take the [[Derivative]] of an [[Implicit Function]]:
		- Begin taking the [[Derivative]] like normal.
		- When you need to take the [[Derivative]] of $f(x)$ write it as $\frac{df}{dx}$.
		- After [[Derivative|Differentiation]] solve for $\frac{df}{dx}$, this will probably be in terms of $f(x)$.
		- Optional: Solve the original equation for $f(x)$ and plug it into the [[Implicit Derivative]] that was just calculated.
- ## [[Implicit Derivative]] of a [[Multi-Variable Function]]
	- Use something similar to the basic method of [[Implicit Derivative|Implicit Differentiation]]:
		- > [!Note]
		  > There are two important types of variable types for this method:
		  > - Variable
		  > - Functions of the variable
		- When taking the [[Partial Derivative]] of the **Variable**, do so as normal.
		- When taking the [[Partial Derivative]] of a **Function**, write it as the [[Partial Derivative]] of that **Function** with respect to the **Variable**.
	- If another method of [[Implicit Derivative|Implicit Differentiation]] is required then use this equation:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > Let $F(x,y)$ be the function we want to [[Derivative|Differentiate]], it must be solved for $0$.
	  > Let $y=f(x)$.
	  > 
	  > $$\large{\frac{dy}{dx}=-\frac{F_{x}}{F_{y}}}$$
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[Pasted image 20230925182343.png]]
	  > 
	  > > [!Warning]
	  > > I have not used this method yet
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-10-01 16.50.33.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Same as [[Derivative|Differentiation]] but works with $f(x)$ in on both sides.
