Integral.md, before:

---
Alias: [Integrals, Integration, Integrate]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus]]
> Parents:: [[Limit]] [[Riemann Sum]]
> Friends:: [[Derivative]]
> Children:: [[Integration By Parts]] [[U Substitution]]
---
- ## Definition
	- Finds the area under a curve.
		- The opposite of a [[Derivative]].
	- An [[Integral]] is simply a [[Riemann Sum]] where $n$, the number of slices, increases without bound.
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{\int_{a}^{b} f(x) \, dx=\lim_{ n \to \infty } \sum^{n}_{i=1}f(a+i\Delta x)\Delta x}$$
		  > 
		  > Where: $$\Delta x=\frac{b-a}{n}$$
		  > 
		  > $a$ = The starting value of the [[Integral]].
		  > $b$ = The ending value of the [[Integral]].
		  > $n$ = Number of approximation rectangles.
		  > $\Delta x$ = The width of each approximation rectangle.
		  > $i$ = The index of a specific rectangle in the [[Riemann Sum]].
	- Methods of [[Integral|Integration]]
			- [[Integration By Parts]]
			- [[U Substitution]]
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-11-11 21.07.30.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- The opposite of a [[Derivative]].
		- Uses a [[Riemann Sum]] as its proof.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-01-24 12:37:50
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Arc Length.md
Center Of Mass.md
Integral.md
Work (Calculus).md

Integral.md, after:

---
Alias: [Integrals, Integration, Integrate]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus]]
> Parents:: [[Limit]] [[Riemann Sum]]
> Friends:: [[Derivative]]
> Children:: [[Integration By Parts]] [[U Substitution]]
---
- ## Definition
	- Finds the area under a curve.
		- The opposite of a [[Derivative]].
	- An [[Integral]] is simply a [[Riemann Sum]] where $n$, the number of slices, increases without bound.
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{\int_{a}^{b} f(x) \, dx=\lim_{ n \to \infty } \sum^{n}_{i=1}f(a+i\Delta x)\Delta x}$$
		  > 
		  > Where: $$\Delta x=\frac{b-a}{n}$$
		  > 
		  > $a$ = The starting value of the [[Integral]].
		  > $b$ = The ending value of the [[Integral]].
		  > $n$ = Number of approximation rectangles.
		  > $\Delta x$ = The width of each approximation rectangle.
		  > $i$ = The index of a specific rectangle in the [[Riemann Sum]].
	- Methods of [[Integral|Integration]]
		- [[Integration By Parts]]
		- [[U Substitution]]
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-11-11 21.07.30.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Used in:
		- [[Arc Length]]
		- [[Work (Calculus)]]
