Iterative Prediction of Motion.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Momentum Update]] [[Position Update]]
> Friends:: [[Analytic Prediction Of Motion]] [[Motion Note Web.canvas]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- When the [[Net Force]] is constant we can use [[Momentum Update]] and [[Position Update]] to predict motion by running this calculation over and over and over again.
	- > [!Warning]
	  > This equation requires dozens of iterations to be even semi accurate even with a constant [[Net Force]].
	  > 
	  > The much
- ## Steps
	- #### Calculate The Net Force
		- Use info from the problem to find the [[Net Force]] acting on the object.
	- #### Find Final Momentum
		- Use [[Momentum Update]] to update find the final [[Momentum]] of the object.
		- ![[Momentum Update#^dcf00a]]
	- #### Update Position
		- Use the new [[Momentum]] to update the [[Position]] of the object.
		- ![[Position Update#^8f2a5a]]
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Physics Homework 2.1 - 2.4]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Motion Note Web.canvas]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-01-31 18:57:35
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Analytic Prediction Of Motion.md
Iterative Prediction of Motion.md
References/Excalidraw/Drawing 2023-01-31 18.53.07.excalidraw.md

Iterative Prediction of Motion.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Momentum Update]] [[Position Update]]
> Friends:: [[Analytic Prediction Of Motion]] [[Motion Note Web.canvas]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- When the [[Net Force]] is constant we can use [[Momentum Update]] and [[Position Update]] to predict motion by running this calculation over and over and over again.
	- > [!Warning]
	  > This equation requires dozens of iterations to be even semi accurate even with a constant [[Net Force]].
	  > 
	  > The much better version of this is [[Analytic Prediction Of Motion]].
- ## Steps
	- #### Calculate The Net Force
		- Use info from the problem to find the [[Net Force]] acting on the object.
	- #### Find Final Momentum
		- Use [[Momentum Update]] to update find the final [[Momentum]] of the object.
		- ![[Momentum Update#^dcf00a]]
	- #### Update Position
		- Use the new [[Momentum]] to update the [[Position]] of the object.
		- ![[Position Update#^8f2a5a]]
---
- ## Practice
	- [[Physics Homework 2.1 - 2.4]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Motion Note Web.canvas]]
