Kinetic Energy.md, before:

---
Alias: [Translational Kinetic Energy, Rotational Kinetic Energy]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Energy (Physics)]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Translational Kinetic Energy
	- We know the [[Energy (Physics)|Energy Of A Particle (Physics)]] at rest and in motion. Finding the difference between the two gives us the [[Kinetic Energy]] of the particle.
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\begin{align}
	 k & =E_{\text{total}}-E_{\text{rest}} \\
	 & =\gamma mc^2-mc^2 \\
	 & =mc^2(\gamma-1)
    \end{align}$$
		  > 
		  > $E_{\text{total}}$ = [[Energy (Physics)]] in $J$
	- At speeds very far from the [[Speed of Light]] we need to use [[Binomial Expansion]] to calculate the [[Kinetic Energy]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{K\approx\frac{1}{2}mv^2}$$
		  > $$\large{\Delta K=\frac{1}{2}m(v_{f}^2-v_{i}^2)}$$
		  > 
		  > $K$ = [[Kinetic Energy]] in $N$
		  > $m$ = [[Mass]] in $kg$
		  > $v$ = [[Speed of Light]]
	- We can also apply these equations to multi particle systems to calculate the [[Kinetic Energy]] for entire objects.
- ## Rotational Kinetic Energy
	- 
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 7.1.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-04-06 22:22:42
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Kinetic Energy.md

Kinetic Energy.md, after:

---
Alias: [Translational Kinetic Energy, Rotational Kinetic Energy]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Energy (Physics)]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Translational Kinetic Energy
	- We know the [[Energy (Physics)|Energy Of A Particle (Physics)]] at rest and in motion. Finding the difference between the two gives us the [[Kinetic Energy]] of the particle.
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\begin{align}
	 k & =E_{\text{total}}-E_{\text{rest}} \\
	 & =\gamma mc^2-mc^2 \\
	 & =mc^2(\gamma-1)
    \end{align}$$
		  > 
		  > $E_{\text{total}}$ = [[Energy (Physics)]] in $J$
	- At speeds very far from the [[Speed of Light]] we need to use [[Binomial Expansion]] to calculate the [[Kinetic Energy]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{K\approx\frac{1}{2}mv^2}$$
		  > $$\large{\Delta K=\frac{1}{2}m(v_{f}^2-v_{i}^2)}$$
		  > 
		  > $K$ = [[Kinetic Energy]] in $N$
		  > $m$ = [[Mass]] in $kg$
		  > $v$ = [[Speed of Light]]
	- We can also apply these equations to multi particle systems to calculate the [[Kinetic Energy]] for entire objects.
- ## Rotational Kinetic Energy
	- [[Kinetic Energy|Translational Kinetic Energy]] is not able to fully capture the [[Kinetic Energy]] of the object.
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 7.1.pdf]]
- ## Reference
