Le Chatelier's Principle.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sun October 30th 2022 04:43:06 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- When a system at [[Equilibrium]] is placed under **stress**, it will respond in such a way that relieves as much **stress** as possible.
		- We can use this to force a reaction to do what we want it to.
	- Assume we have a reaction at [[Equilibrium]] and apply the stress of:
		- Adding reactants.
			- The **reaction shifts right** to use up some of the extra **reactant** to restore [[Equilibrium]].
				- ![[IMG_C6669C7B438B-1.jpeg|400]]
		- Remove reactant.
			- The **reaction shifts left** to create more **reactant** to restore [[Equilibrium]].
				- ![[IMG_3E3CC91A6FF1-1.jpeg|400]]
		- Remove product.
			- The **reaction shifts right** to create more **product** to restore [[Equilibrium]].
				- ![[IMG_0418362B108A-1 2.jpeg|400]]
		- Add product
			- The **reaction shifts left** to use up some of the extra **product** to restore [[Equilibrium]].
				- ![[IMG_F9C8808E9FBB-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-30 18:24:05
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Equilibrium.md
Le Chatelier's Principle.md

Le Chatelier's Principle.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sun October 30th 2022 04:43:06 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- When a system at [[Equilibrium]] is placed under **stress**, it will respond in such a way that relieves as much **stress** as possible.
	- Assume we have a reaction at [[Equilibrium]] and apply the stress of:
		- Adding reactants.
			- The **reaction shifts right** to use up some of the extra **reactant** to restore [[Equilibrium]].
				- ![[IMG_C6669C7B438B-1.jpeg|400]]
		- Remove reactant.
			- The **reaction shifts left** to create more **reactant** to restore [[Equilibrium]].
				- ![[IMG_3E3CC91A6FF1-1.jpeg|400]]
		- Remove product.
			- The **reaction shifts right** to create more **product** to restore [[Equilibrium]].
				- ![[IMG_0418362B108A-1 2.jpeg|400]]
		- Add product
			- The **reaction shifts left** to use up some of the extra **product** to restore [[Equilibrium]].
				- ![[IMG_F9C8808E9FBB-1.jpeg|400]]
	- > [!Warning]
	  > In general, to apply stress to the reaction, the part of the reaction that we are affecting has to be accounted for in the [[Equilibrium|Equilibrium Constant Expression]].
	  > 
	  > This means that affecting the amounts of liquid or solids in a reaction will have a negligible effect.
	- We can use this principle to force a reaction to do what we want it to.
		- For example, given 
- ## Reference
