Logical Proof.md, before:

---
Alias: [Direct Proof, Proof by Contrapositive]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Discrete Math]]
> Parents:: [[Proposition]]
> Friends:: [[Quantifier|Quantifiers]] [[Laws of Propositional Logic]] [[Laws of Propositional Inference]] [[Tautology]] [[Contradiction]] [[Mathematical Numerical Definitions]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- A **theorem** is a [[Proposition]] that a [[Logical Proof]] seeks to prove.
	- A [[Logical Proof]] consists of a series of steps each of which follows logically from assumptions, or form previously proven statements, until the **theorem** is proven or disproven.
	- There are several methods to prove or disprove a **theorem**.
- #### Direct Proof
	- The standard kind of proof. Use the given hypotheses and proven logic to prove the conclusion true.
	- Proves $x\to y$ directly.
	- >[!Example]-
	  > ![[Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 2.31.49 PM.png]]
- #### Proof by Contrapositive 
	- Proves a statement by proving its [[Conditional Operator|Contrapositive]].
	- Proves $x\to y$ by proving $\neg y\to \neg x$.
	- Proving by [[Conditional Operator|Contrapositive]] is useful when [[Logical Proof|Direct Proofs]] are difficult.
	- > [!Example]-
	  > ![[Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 2.32.25 PM.png]]
- #### Proof by Contradiction
	- Proves a **theorem** by assuming its **conclusion** is false and then shows that some logical inconsistency arises as a result of the assumption.
	- Also known as an indirect proof.
	- >[!Example]-
	  > ![[Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 8.35.51 PM.png]]
- #### Proof by Cases
	- Breaks a complex **theorem** into separate cases and proves each one individually. 
	- Always used in combination with other methods in this list. Used to simplify complex **theorems**
---
- ## Practice

Commit message:

vault backup: 2024-03-19 21:41:26
Affected files:
Logical Proof.md
References/Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 9.36.44 PM.png

Logical Proof.md, after:

---
Alias: [Direct Proof, Proof by Contrapositive]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Discrete Math]]
> Parents:: [[Proposition]]
> Friends:: [[Quantifier|Quantifiers]] [[Laws of Propositional Logic]] [[Laws of Propositional Inference]] [[Tautology]] [[Contradiction]] [[Mathematical Numerical Definitions]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- A **theorem** is a [[Proposition]] that a [[Logical Proof]] seeks to prove.
	- A [[Logical Proof]] consists of a series of steps each of which follows logically from assumptions, or form previously proven statements, until the **theorem** is proven or disproven.
	- There are several methods to prove or disprove a **theorem**.
- #### Direct Proof
	- The standard kind of proof. Use the given hypotheses and proven logic to prove the conclusion true.
	- Proves $x\to y$ directly.
	- >[!Example]-
	  > ![[Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 2.31.49 PM.png]]
- #### Proof by Contrapositive 
	- Proves a statement by proving its [[Conditional Operator|Contrapositive]].
	- Proves $x\to y$ by proving $\neg y\to \neg x$.
	- Proving by [[Conditional Operator|Contrapositive]] is useful when [[Logical Proof|Direct Proofs]] are difficult.
	- > [!Example]-
	  > ![[Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 2.32.25 PM.png]]
- #### Proof by Contradiction
	- Proves a **theorem** by assuming its **conclusion** is false and then shows that some logical inconsistency arises as a result of the assumption.
	- Also known as an indirect proof.
	- >[!Example]-
	  > ![[Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 8.35.51 PM.png]]
- #### Proof by Cases
	- Breaks a complex **theorem** into separate cases and proves each one individually. 
	- Always used in combination with other methods in this list. Used to simplify complex **theorems**. Generally used to prove things universally.
	- > [!Example]-
	  > ![[Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 9.36.44 PM.png]]
---
- ## Practice
