Magnetic Flux.md, before:

---
Alias: [Ampere's Law]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics II]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Magnetic Field]] [[Electric Flux]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Flux is symbolized with $\Phi$.
	- Given by [[Magnetic Flux|Ampere's Law]]:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\oint \vec{B}\cdot d\vec{l}=\mu_{0}I_{\text{inside}}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] along the path of the [[Amperian Loop]] in $T$
	  > $\vec{l}$ = [[Vector]] path along the [[Amperian Loop]] in $m$
	  > $\mu_{0}$ = $4\pi *10^{-12}\, \frac{Tm}{A}$
	  > $I_{\text{inside}}$ = [[Current]] flowing inside the [[Amperian Loop]] in $A$
	- > [!Equation]
		  > [[Magnetic Flux]] over a loop
		  > 
		  > $$\large{\Phi_{\text{magnetic}}}=\int \vec{B}\cdot \hat{n} \, dA$$
		  > 
		  > $\Phi_{\text{magnetic}}$ = [[Magnetic Flux]] in $Tm^2$
		  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] passing though the loop or coil in $T$
		  > $\vec{n}$ = [[Normal Vector]] to the loop or coil in $m$
		  > $A$ = Area of the loop or coil in $m^2$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY208 Homework 21.6.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-11-14 18:00:43
Affected files:
Electric Flux.md
Magnetic Flux.md

Magnetic Flux.md, after:

---
Alias: [Ampere's Law]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics II]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Magnetic Field]] [[Electric Flux]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Flux is symbolized with $\Phi$.
	- [[Electric Flux|Gauss's Law]] but for [[Magnetic Field|Magnetic Fields]]:
	  > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{\Phi_{\text{magnetic}}}=\int \vec{B}\cdot \hat{n} \, dA$$
		  > When the [[Magnetic Field]] is constant over the surface:
		  > $$\large{\Phi_{\text{magnetic}}=\vec{B}\cdot \hat{n}A}$$
		  > $\Phi_{\text{magnetic}}$ = [[Magnetic Flux]] in $Tm^2$
		  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] passing though the loop or coil in $T$
		  > $\vec{n}$ = [[Normal Vector]] to the loop or coil in $m$
		  > $A$ = Area of the loop or coil in $m^2$
	- [[Magnetic Flux|Ampere's Law]] states:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\oint \vec{B}\cdot d\vec{l}=\mu_{0}I_{\text{inside}}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] along the path of the [[Amperian Loop]] in $T$
	  > $\vec{l}$ = [[Vector]] path along the [[Amperian Loop]] in $m$
	  > $\mu_{0}$ = $4\pi *10^{-12}\, \frac{Tm}{A}$
	  > $I_{\text{inside}}$ = [[Current]] flowing inside the [[Amperian Loop]] in $A$
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY208 Homework 21.6.pdf]]
- ## Reference
