Magnetic Field.md, before:

---
Alias: [Magnetic Fields]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics II]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Electric Field]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Symbolized with $\vec{B}$
	- [[Magnetic Field|Magnetic Fields]] can be generated by moving [[Charge|Charges]] or [[Current]]
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\Delta \vec{B}}=\frac{{\mu_{0}}}{4\pi} \frac{I(\Delta \vec{l}\times \hat{r})}{|\vec{r}|^2}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] in $?$
	  > $I$ = [[Current]] in $A$
	  > $\Delta \vec{l}$ = 
	  > $\frac{\mu_{0}}{4\pi}$ = $1e-7 \frac{Tm^2}{C \frac{m}{s}}$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Position from [[Charge]] to observation point in $m$
	  
      > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{B}=\frac{\mu_{0}}{4\pi} \frac{q(\vec{v}\times \hat{r})}{|\vec{r}|^2}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] in $?$
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] in $C$
	  > $\frac{\mu_{0}}{4\pi}$ = $1e-7 \frac{Tm^2}{C \frac{m}{s}}$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Position from [[Charge]] to observation point in $m$
	  > $\vec{v}$ = [[Velocity]] in $\frac{m}{s}$
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-10-13 01:11:38
Affected files:
Conventional Current.md
Magnetic Field.md

Magnetic Field.md, after:

---
Alias: [Magnetic Fields]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics II]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Electric Field]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Symbolized with $\vec{B}$
	- [[Magnetic Field|Magnetic Fields]] can be generated by moving [[Charge|Charges]] or [[Current]]
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\Delta \vec{B}}=\frac{{\mu_{0}}}{4\pi} \frac{I(\Delta \vec{l}\times \hat{r})}{|\vec{r}|^2}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] in $?$
	  > $I$ = [[Current]] in $A$
	  > $\Delta \vec{l}$ = Position vector from start to end of the wire in the direction of [[Conventional Current]] in $m$
	  > $\frac{\mu_{0}}{4\pi}$ = $1e-7 \frac{Tm^2}{C \frac{m}{s}}$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Position from [[Charge]] to observation point in $m$
	  
      > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{B}=\frac{\mu_{0}}{4\pi} \frac{q(\vec{v}\times \hat{r})}{|\vec{r}|^2}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Magnetic Field]] in $?$
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] in $C$
	  > $\frac{\mu_{0}}{4\pi}$ = $1e-7 \frac{Tm^2}{C \frac{m}{s}}$
	  > $\vec{r}$ = Position from [[Charge]] to observation point in $m$
	  > $\vec{v}$ = [[Velocity]] in $\frac{m}{s}$
---
- ## Reference
