Mathematical Numerical Definitions.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Discrete Math]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Laws of Propositional Logic]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Definitions of numerical types. These definitions can be used in logic without having to prove them.
- #### Even and Odd Numbers
	- > [!Equation]
	  > An integer $x$ is **even** if there is an integer $k$ such that $x=2k$.
	  > 
	  > An integer $x$ is **odd** if there is an integer $k$ such that $x=2k+1$.
- #### Rational Number
	- > [!Equation]
	  > An integer $x$ is **rational** if there exists integers $a$ and $b$ such that $x=\frac{a}{b}$ when $b\neq 0$.
- #### Division
	- > [!Equation]
	  > An integer $x$ **divides** an integer $y$ if there is an integer $k$ such that $y=kx$ when $x\neq 0$.
	- $x$ divides $y$ is notated by $x|y$. The bar operator evaluates to a boolean, which is what differentiates it from normal division.
- #### Prime and Composite Numbers
	- > [!Equation]
	  > An integer $x$ is **Prime** if and only if the only positive integers that divide $x$ are $1$ and $x$ when $x>1$.
	  > 
	  > An integer $x$ is **Composite** if and only if there is an integer $m$ such that $1<m<n$ and $m|n$ when $n>1$.
---
- ## Practice

Commit message:

vault backup: 2024-03-19 22:35:32
Affected files:
Greatest Common Divisor.md
Mathematical Numerical Definitions.md

Mathematical Numerical Definitions.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Discrete Math]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Laws of Propositional Logic]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Definitions of numerical types. These definitions can be used in logic without having to prove them.
- #### Even and Odd Numbers
	- > [!Equation]
	  > An integer $x$ is **even** if there is an integer $k$ such that $x=2k$.
	  > 
	  > An integer $x$ is **odd** if there is an integer $k$ such that $x=2k+1$.
- #### Rational Number
	- > [!Equation]
	  > An integer $x$ is **rational** if there exists integers $a$ and $b$ such that $x=\frac{a}{b}$ when $b\neq 0$.
- #### Division
	- > [!Equation]
	  > An integer $x$ **divides** an integer $y$ if there is an integer $k$ such that $y=kx$ when $x\neq 0$.
	- $x$ divides $y$ is notated by $x|y$. The bar operator evaluates to a boolean, which is what differentiates it from normal division.
- #### Prime and Composite Numbers
	- > [!Equation]
	  > An integer $x$ is **Prime** if and only if the only positive integers that divide $x$ are $1$ and $x$ when $x>1$.
	  > 
	  > An integer $x$ is **Composite** if and only if there is an integer $m$ such that $1<m<n$ and $m|n$ when $n>1$. They will also have a [[Greatest Common Divisor|GCD]] of $1$.
---
- ## Practice
