Molecular Orbital Theory.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sat October 1st 2022 03:29:11 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- One of **two theories** that describes how [[Electron|Electrons]] act in **bonds**.
	- The addition of "waves" in orbitals is either constructive or destructive.
		- Constructive means the two waves amplify each other.
		- Destructive means the two waves cancel each other out.
	- #### Bonding
		- When the "waves" are the same they are constructive and form a **bond**.
		- ![[IMG_F20CE3FD8C75-1.jpeg|400]]
	- #### Anti Bonding
		- When the orbitals are the opposites they form a **anti bond** and a [[Node]] between the two.
		- ![[IMG_C2B686A58CA0-1.jpeg|400]]
	- #### Non Bonding
		- When the 
- ## [[Bond Order]]
	- The [[Bond Order]] can be calculated by:
	  - > [!Equation]
	  > $$BO=\frac{B-A}{2}$$
	  > 
	  > $BO$ = [[Bond Order]]
	  > $B$ = Number of **bonds**.
	  > $A$ = Number of **anti bonds**.
	- #### CONTINUE WORK HERE
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-03 17:33:18
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Molecular Orbital Theory.md

Molecular Orbital Theory.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sat October 1st 2022 03:29:11 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- One of **two theories** that describes how [[Electron|Electrons]] act in **bonds**.
	- The addition of "waves" in orbitals is either constructive or destructive.
		- Constructive means the two waves amplify each other.
		- Destructive means the two waves cancel each other out.
	- #### Bonding
		- The [[Orbital|Orbitals]]
		- When the [[Orbital|Orbitals]] are the same they are constructive and form a **bond**.
		- ![[IMG_F20CE3FD8C75-1.jpeg|400]]
	- #### Anti Bonding
		- 
		- When the [[Orbital|Orbitals]] are the opposites they form a **anti bond** and a [[Node]] between the two.
		- ![[IMG_C2B686A58CA0-1.jpeg|400]]
	- #### Non Bonding
		- When the [[Orbital|Orbitals]] are on totaly different axis.
- ## [[Bond Order]]
	- The [[Bond Order]] can be calculated by:
	  - > [!Equation]
	  > $$BO=\frac{B-A}{2}$$
	  > 
	  > $BO$ = [[Bond Order]]
	  > $B$ = Number of **bonds**.
	  > $A$ = Number of **anti bonds**.
	- #### CONTINUE WORK HERE
- ## Reference
