Moment Of Inertia.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Kinetic Energy]]
---
- ## Definition
	- An objects ability to resist [[Angular Acceleration]].
	- Think of it as the same as mass for translational motion. The larger the mass, the harder it is to get it moving at some [[Velocity]], the larger the [[Moment Of Inertia]] the harder it is to get it moving at some [[Angular Velocity]].
	- Generally we will not have to calculate the [[Moment Of Inertia]], it is well known for many shapes.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{I=\sum^{n}_{i=1}m_{i}r_{i}^2}$$
	  > $$I=m_{1}r_{1}^2+m_{2}r_{2}^2+m_{3}r_{3}^2+m_{4}r_{4}^2+\dots+m_{n}r_{n}^2$$
	  > 
	  > $I$ = [[Moment Of Inertia]] in SOMETHING
	  > $m_{i}$ = The mass of the $i$th particle in $kg$
	  > $r_{n}$ = The distance of the $i$th particle from the [[Center Of Mass]] in $m$
	  > $n$ = The number of particles in the object
	  > $i$ = The index of the particle being summed
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 11.2-11.3.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-04-18 00:30:43
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Moment Of Inertia.md

Moment Of Inertia.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Kinetic Energy]]
---
- ## Definition
	- An objects ability to resist [[Angular Acceleration]].
	- Think of it as the same as mass for translational motion. The larger the mass, the harder it is to get it moving at some [[Velocity]], the larger the [[Moment Of Inertia]] the harder it is to get it moving at some [[Angular Velocity]].
	- Generally we will not have to calculate the [[Moment Of Inertia]], it is well known for many shapes.
	- When calculating the [[Moment Of Inertia]] for complex objects, you can add the [[Moment Of Inertia]] of different connected objects.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{I=\sum^{n}_{i=1}m_{i}r_{i}^2}$$
	  > $$I=m_{1}r_{1}^2+m_{2}r_{2}^2+m_{3}r_{3}^2+m_{4}r_{4}^2+\dots+m_{n}r_{n}^2$$
	  > 
	  > $I$ = [[Moment Of Inertia]] in SOMETHING
	  > $m_{i}$ = The mass of the $i$th particle in $kg$
	  > $r_{n}$ = The distance of the $i$th particle from the [[Center Of Mass]] in $m$
	  > $n$ = The number of particles in the object
	  > $i$ = The index of the particle being summed
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 11.2-11.3.pdf]]
- ## Reference
