Naming Oxanions.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Tue September 20th 2022 04:46:16 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Steps if the Group **IS NOT** 7
	- The highest [[Oxidation State]] of the other [[Element]] gets the postfix **-ate** and everything else gets the ending **-ite**.
	- ![[IMG_DEDE0A8C7024-1.jpeg]]
- ## Steps if the Group **IS** 7
	1. The highest [[Oxidation State]] of the other [[Element]] gets the prefix **per-** and postfix **ate**.
	2. The highest **minus ONE Oxygen** gets no prefix and the postfix **-ate**.
	3. The highest **minus TWO Oxygen** gets no prefix and the postfix **-ite**.
	4. The highest **minus THREE Oxygen** gets the prefix **hypo-** and the postfix **-ite**.
	- ![[IMG_AC4317B6C20B-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Steps the [[Oxanion]] includes Hydrogen
	1. Use the main steps above to determine the base name, but ignore the Hydrogen and subtract 1 from the overall [[Charge]] for each Hydrogen Atom. 
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-20 17:29:03
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Naming Ionic Compounds.md
Naming Monoatomic Ions.md
Naming Oxanions.md
References/IMG_A54394B6DF4F-1.jpeg
Vault/Monoatomic Ion.md

Naming Oxanions.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Tue September 20th 2022 04:46:16 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Steps (If the Group **IS NOT** 7)
	- The highest [[Oxidation State]] of the other [[Element]] gets the postfix **-ate** and everything else gets the ending **-ite**.
	- ![[IMG_DEDE0A8C7024-1.jpeg]]
- ## Steps (If the Group **IS** 7)
	1. The highest [[Oxidation State]] of the other [[Element]] gets the prefix **per-** and postfix **ate**.
	2. The highest **minus ONE Oxygen** gets no prefix and the postfix **-ate**.
	3. The highest **minus TWO Oxygen** gets no prefix and the postfix **-ite**.
	4. The highest **minus THREE Oxygen** gets the prefix **hypo-** and the postfix **-ite**.
	- ![[IMG_AC4317B6C20B-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Steps (If the [[Oxanion]] has Hydrogen)
	1. Use the main steps above to determine the base name, but ignore the Hydrogen and subtract 1 from the overall [[Charge]] for each Hydrogen Atom.
		- This is for use in finding the base name ONLY
	2. Add:
		1. "hydrogen" or "bi" to the front if there is one Hydrogen [[Atom]].
		2. "dihydrogen" to the front if there are two Hydrogen [[Atom|Atoms]].
- ## Reference
	- Know [[Oxanion]].
	- [[Naming Things]]
