Naming Ionic Compounds.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Tue September 20th 2022 05:21:34 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Steps (If the molecule has a [[Transition Metal]] or is in Group 3-5)
	1. List the [[Non-Metal]] last and give it the postfix **-ide**.
	2. Put the [[Oxidation State]] of the [[Transition Metal]] in () and in roman numerals in front of the [[Transition Metal]].
	- ![[IMG_A54394B6DF4F-1.jpeg|400]]
	- > [!Explanation]-
	  > We place the [[Oxidation State]] in front of the [[Transition Metal]] because they can have so many [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Numbers]], basically we have to specify what that number is.
- ## Exceptions
	- $Zn^{2+}$, $Ag^{+}$, $Cd^{2+}$ Each have a single [[Oxidation State]] and therefore  do not need that state specified after it. Simply change the postfix of the [[Non-Metal]] to **-ide**.
- ## Reference
	- Know what a [[Transition Metal]] is.
	- [[Naming Things]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-22 17:29:39
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Ionic vs Covalent Bonds.md
Naming Ionic Compounds.md
Naming Oxanions.md
References/IMG_8EAECE3C6B17-1.jpeg
Vault/Polyatomic Ions.md

Naming Ionic Compounds.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Tue September 20th 2022 05:21:34 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Steps (If the molecule has a [[Transition Metal]] or is in Group 3-5)
	1. List the [[Non-Metal]] last and give it the suffix **-ide**.
	2. Put the [[Oxidation State]] of the [[Transition Metal]] in () and in roman numerals in front of the [[Transition Metal]].
	- ![[IMG_A54394B6DF4F-1.jpeg|400]]
	- > [!Explanation]-
	  > We place the [[Oxidation State]] in front of the [[Transition Metal]] because they can have so many [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Numbers]], basically we have to specify what that number is.
- ## Exceptions
	- $Zn^{2+}$, $Ag^{+}$, $Cd^{2+}$ Each have a single [[Oxidation State]] and therefore  do not need that state specified after it. Simply change the suffix of the [[Non-Metal]] to **-ide**.
- ## Steps (If the [[Molecule]] has a [[Polyatomic Ions|Polyatomic]] in it)
	- Simply use the name of the [[Polyatomic Ions|Polyatomic Ion]] as is and if the [[Element]] comes last add the suffix **-ide**.
	- ![[IMG_8EAECE3C6B17-1.jpeg|300]]
- ## Reference
	- Know what a [[Transition Metal]] is.
	- [[Naming Things]]
