Net Redox Reactions.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed November 16th 2022 09:15:38 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- ![[IMG_EEDFE08FC4DE-1.jpeg]]
	- > [!Example]-
	  > Write the net equation for the reaction (if there is one) when hydrogen gas is bubbled into a nickel(II) iodide solution.
	  > 
	  > > [!Prep]
	  > > Write our our equation:
	  > > 
	  > > $H_2(g)+NiI_2(aq)\rightarrow?$
	  > > 
	  > > $NiI_2$ is [[Solubility|Soluble]] so  the species are present in [[Ion|Ions]] so we have to rewrite our equation and account for different **reactants** in the [[Standard Reduction Potentials Table]].
	  > > 
	  > > $H_2(g)+Ni^{+2}(aq)+2I^-(aq)\rightarrow?$
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 1]
	  > > Look up our **reactants** on the [[Standard Reduction Potentials Table]] and list them:
	  > > ![[IMG_0A203EC7F6B6-1.jpeg|400]]
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 2 and Step 3]
	  > > Circle the species that are actually present.
	  > > ![[IMG_20D5336BCF21-1.jpeg]]
	  >
	  > > [!Step 4]
	  > > Select pair of in which the [[Electron|Electrons]] travel from highest energy [[Orbital]] to the lowest vacant [[Orbital]]. If there are no such situations then there is no reaction.
	  > > 
	  > > **There is no reaction** because the only vacant orbital is higher in energy than both the  filled orbitals. 
	- > [!Example]
	  > Write the net equation for the reaction (if there is one) when hydrogen gas is bubbled into a copper(II) iodide solution.
	  > 
	  > > [!Prep]
	  > > Write our our equation:
	  > > 
	  > > $H_2(g)+CuI_2(aq)\rightarrow?$
	  > > 
	  > > $CuI_2$ is [[Solubility|Soluble]] so  the species are present in [[Ion|Ions]] so we have to rewrite our equation and account for different **reactants** in the [[Standard Reduction Potentials Table]].
	  > > 
	  > > $H_2(g)+Cu^{+2}(aq)+2I^-(aq)\rightarrow?$
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 1, Step 2, and Step 3]
	  > > Look up our **reactants** on the [[Standard Reduction Potentials Table]] and list them. Then circle the species that are actually present.
	  > > ![[IMG_FFF9ECFA265F-1.jpeg]]
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 4]
	  > > Select pair of in which the [[Electron|Electrons]] travel from highest energy [[Orbital]] to the lowest vacant [[Orbital]]. If there are no such situations then there is no reaction.
	  > > 
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-11-17 11:48:25
Affected files:
Net Redox Reactions.md
References/IMG_F1F1AD6E6E52-1.jpeg
Standard Reduction Potentials Table.md

Net Redox Reactions.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed November 16th 2022 09:15:38 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- ![[IMG_EEDFE08FC4DE-1.jpeg]]
	- > [!Example]-
	  > Write the net equation for the reaction (if there is one) when hydrogen gas is bubbled into a nickel(II) iodide solution.
	  > 
	  > > [!Prep]
	  > > Write our our equation:
	  > > 
	  > > $H_2(g)+NiI_2(aq)\rightarrow?$
	  > > 
	  > > $NiI_2$ is [[Solubility|Soluble]] so  the species are present in [[Ion|Ions]] so we have to rewrite our equation and account for different **reactants** in the [[Standard Reduction Potentials Table]].
	  > > 
	  > > $H_2(g)+Ni^{+2}(aq)+2I^-(aq)\rightarrow?$
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 1]
	  > > Look up our **reactants** on the [[Standard Reduction Potentials Table]] and list them:
	  > > ![[IMG_0A203EC7F6B6-1.jpeg|400]]
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 2 and Step 3]
	  > > Circle the species that are actually present.
	  > > ![[IMG_20D5336BCF21-1.jpeg]]
	  >
	  > > [!Step 4]
	  > > Select pair of in which the [[Electron|Electrons]] travel from highest energy [[Orbital]] to the lowest vacant [[Orbital]]. If there are no such situations then there is no reaction.
	  > > 
	  > > **There is no reaction** because the only vacant orbital is higher in energy than both the  filled orbitals. 
	- > [!Example]
	  > Write the net equation for the reaction (if there is one) when hydrogen gas is bubbled into a copper(II) iodide solution.
	  > 
	  > > [!Prep]
	  > > Write our our equation:
	  > > 
	  > > $H_2(g)+CuI_2(aq)\rightarrow?$
	  > > 
	  > > $CuI_2$ is [[Solubility|Soluble]] so  the species are present in [[Ion|Ions]] so we have to rewrite our equation and account for different **reactants** in the [[Standard Reduction Potentials Table]].
	  > > 
	  > > $H_2(g)+Cu^{+2}(aq)+2I^-(aq)\rightarrow?$
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 1, Step 2, and Step 3]
	  > > Look up our **reactants** on the [[Standard Reduction Potentials Table]] and list them. Then circle the species that are actually present.
	  > > ![[IMG_FFF9ECFA265F-1.jpeg]]
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 4]
	  > > Select pair of in which the [[Electron|Electrons]] travel from highest energy [[Orbital]] to the lowest vacant [[Orbital]]. If there are no such situations then there is no reaction.
	  > > 
	  > > We can see that there will be a spontaneous electron transfer from the $H_2$ to the $Cu_{+2}$ orbitals.
	  > 
	  > > [!Step 5]
	  > > The top [[Half Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Half Redox Reaction]] must be reversed because it is the oxidation half. Then write out the full equation.
	  > > 
	  > > ![[IMG_F1F1AD6E6E52-1.jpeg]]
- ## Reference
