Oxidation and Reduction Reaction.md, before:

---
Alias: [Oxidation and Reduction Reactions, Redox Reaction, Redox Reactions]
Creation Date: Tue November 8th 2022 04:45:01 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- A reaction in which the [[Oxidation State|Oxidation States]] of the [[Atom|Atoms]] change. This is because when they react, the [[Atom|Atoms]] exchange "ownership" of their [[Electron|Electrons]] to reach the most stable state.
	- There are two types of agents in [[Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Oxidation and Reduction Reactions]].
		- [[Reducing Agent]]
			-  ![[Reducing Agent#^bfee04]]
		- [[Oxidizing Agent]]
			-  ![[Oxidizing Agent#^1a1948]]
	- > [!Example]
	  > Copper and Iron reacting (pay attention to the charges):
	  > $$Cu^{+2}(aq) + Fe(s) \rightarrow Cu(s) + Fe^{+2}(aq)$$
	  > 
	  > Iron gives up two of its [[Electron|Electrons]] to Copper.
	  > 
	  > Copper is the [[Oxidizing Agent]]
	  > Iron is the [[Reducing Agent]]
	- The reaction that includes either the [[Reducing Agent]] or [[Oxidizing Agent]] and the [[Electron|Electrons]] that that agent loses or gains.
		- > [!Example]
		  > Using the example above:
		  > 
		  > Reduction Half Reaction
		  > $Cu^{2+}(aq) + 2e^- \rightarrow Cu(s)$
		  > 
		  > Oxidation Half Reaction
		  > $Fe(s) \rightarrow Fe^{+2}(aq) + 2e^-$
- ## Good [[Reducing Agent]] and [[Oxidizing Agent]]
	- We want the [[Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Redox Reaction]] to be [[Spontaneity|Spontaneous]], if it is not it will not occur at all.
	- Therefore: 
		- The **higher** the **highest occupied molecular orbital** is for the **better** the [[Reducing Agent]].
		- The **lower** the **lowest unoccupied molecular orbital** is for the **better** the [[Oxidizing Agent]].
		- ![[IMG_767207E736AC-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Energy 
	- The [[Energy]] released can be calculated by the:
		- Number of [[Electron|Electrons]]
		- "Weight" of those [[Electron|Electrons]]
		- [[Voltage]] difference
	- > [!Energy]
	  > $$\Delta G = -n*F*E$$
	  > 
	  > $\Delta G$ = [[Free Energy]] in [[Energy|J]]
	  > $n$ = Amount of [[Electron]] transferred in the [[Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Redox Reaction]] in [[Mole|Moles]]
	  > $F$ = [[Faraday's Constant]] in 
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-11-08 18.21.30.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	-

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-11-08 19:03:44
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Faraday's Constant.md
Oxidation and Reduction Reaction.md
Vault/Coulomb's Law of Energy.md

Oxidation and Reduction Reaction.md, after:

---
Alias: [Oxidation and Reduction Reactions, Redox Reaction, Redox Reactions]
Creation Date: Tue November 8th 2022 04:45:01 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- A reaction in which the [[Oxidation State|Oxidation States]] of the [[Atom|Atoms]] change. This is because when they react, the [[Atom|Atoms]] exchange "ownership" of their [[Electron|Electrons]] to reach the most stable state.
	- There are two types of agents in [[Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Oxidation and Reduction Reactions]].
		- [[Reducing Agent]]
			-  ![[Reducing Agent#^bfee04]]
		- [[Oxidizing Agent]]
			-  ![[Oxidizing Agent#^1a1948]]
	- > [!Example]
	  > Copper and Iron reacting (pay attention to the charges):
	  > $$Cu^{+2}(aq) + Fe(s) \rightarrow Cu(s) + Fe^{+2}(aq)$$
	  > 
	  > Iron gives up two of its [[Electron|Electrons]] to Copper.
	  > 
	  > Copper is the [[Oxidizing Agent]]
	  > Iron is the [[Reducing Agent]]
	- The reaction that includes either the [[Reducing Agent]] or [[Oxidizing Agent]] and the [[Electron|Electrons]] that that agent loses or gains.
		- > [!Example]
		  > Using the example above:
		  > 
		  > Reduction Half Reaction
		  > $Cu^{2+}(aq) + 2e^- \rightarrow Cu(s)$
		  > 
		  > Oxidation Half Reaction
		  > $Fe(s) \rightarrow Fe^{+2}(aq) + 2e^-$
- ## Good [[Reducing Agent]] and [[Oxidizing Agent]]
	- We want the [[Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Redox Reaction]] to be [[Spontaneity|Spontaneous]], if it is not it will not occur at all.
	- Therefore: 
		- The **higher** the **highest occupied molecular orbital** is for the **better** the [[Reducing Agent]].
		- The **lower** the **lowest unoccupied molecular orbital** is for the **better** the [[Oxidizing Agent]].
		- ![[IMG_767207E736AC-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Energy 
	- The [[Energy]] released can be calculated by the:
		- Number of [[Electron|Electrons]]
		- "Weight" of those [[Electron|Electrons]]
		- [[Voltage]] difference
	- > [!Energy]
	  > $$\Delta G = -n*F*E_{cell}$$
	  > 
	  > $\Delta G$ = [[Free Energy]] in [[Energy|J]]
	  > $n$ = Amount of [[Electron]] transferred in the [[Oxidation and Reduction Reaction|Redox Reaction]] in [[Mole|Moles]]
	  > $F$ = [[Faraday's Constant]] in [[Coulomb's Law of Energy|C]]/[[Mole|Moles]]
	  > $E_{cell}$ = [[Voltage]] difference in [[Energy|J]]/[[Coulomb's Law of Energy|C]]
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-11-08 18.21.30.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	-
