Polar Covalent Bond.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu September 22nd 2022 06:03:19 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- A bond between two [[Element|Elements]] where an [[Electron]] is **unevenly** shared.
		- This is because one [[Element]] has a higher [[Electronegativity]] then the other [[Element]], but **not enough to completely steal the [[Electron]]**. Therefore they **unevenly** share it.
	- This gives the more [[Electronegativity|Electronegative]] [[Element]] an [[Oxidation State]] of something between $-0$ and $-1$ and the less [[Electronegativity|Electronegative]] [[Element]] an [[Oxidation State]] of something between $+0$ and $+1$.
		- This can be represented with $+\delta$ or $-\delta$.
		- This can also be represented with an arrow with a line though it pointing at the more [[Electronegativity|Electronegative]] [[Element]].
		- ![[IMG_CB199BDC7C3B-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Reference
	- In the middle of a [[Covalent Compound|Covalent Bond]] and [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Bond]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-04 13:54:39
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Polar Covalent Bond.md
Polarity.md
References/IMG_12D066C1D991-1.jpeg
References/IMG_95570408A1A1-1.jpeg

Polar Covalent Bond.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu September 22nd 2022 06:03:19 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- A bond between two [[Element|Elements]] where an [[Electron]] is **unevenly** shared.
		- This is because one [[Element]] has a higher [[Electronegativity]] then the other [[Element]], but **not enough to completely steal the [[Electron]]**. Therefore they **unevenly** share it.
	- This gives the more [[Electronegativity|Electronegative]] [[Element]] an [[Oxidation State]] of something between $-0$ and $-1$ and the less [[Electronegativity|Electronegative]] [[Element]] an [[Oxidation State]] of something between $+0$ and $+1$.
		- This can be represented with $+\delta$ or $-\delta$.
		- This can also be represented with an arrow with a line though it pointing at the more [[Electronegativity|Electronegative]] [[Element]].
		- ![[IMG_CB199BDC7C3B-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Polarity|Polar]] Covalent means that it is a [[Covalent Compound|Covalent Bond]] but shares unequally.
	- In the middle of a [[Covalent Compound|Covalent Bond]] and [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Bond]].
