Pressure (Calculus).md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus II]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Generally [[Pressure (Calculus)]] is given by:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{P=\frac{F}{A}}$$
		  > 
		  > $P$ = [[Pressure (Calculus)]]
		  > $F$ = [[Force]]
		  > $A$ = [[Area]]
		  > 
	- The [[Pressure (Calculus)]] of a **liquid** is given by:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{P=\rho*d}$$
		  > 
		  > $P$ = [[Pressure (Calculus)]]
		  > $\rho$ = [[Weight Density Constant]]
		  > $d$ = Depth from surface
	- Rearranging the first formula and combining it with the second we can find the [[Force]] exerted on a plate submerged at some depth.
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{F=A*\rho d}$$
		  > 
		  > $F$ = [[Force]]
		  > $A$ = [[Area]]
		  > $\rho$ = [[Weight Density Constant]]
		  > $d$ = Depth from surface
		  > > [!Warning]
		  > > This will require an integral to really find the [[Force]]. This equation is only accurate for some exact **depth**. Basically the [[Force]] exerted on the top of the submerged plate is not the same as the [[Force]] exerted on the bottom of the submerged plate.
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-01-26 11:08:47
Affected files:
.DS_Store
.obsidian/workspace.json
Pressure (Calculus).md
References/Force Due to Fluid Pressure - Textbook.pdf

Pressure (Calculus).md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus II]]
> Parents:: [[Weight Density Constant]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Generally [[Pressure (Calculus)]] is given by:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{P=\frac{F}{A}}$$
		  > 
		  > $P$ = [[Pressure (Calculus)]]
		  > $F$ = [[Force]]
		  > $A$ = [[Area]]
		  > 
	- The [[Pressure (Calculus)]] of a **liquid** is given by:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{P=\rho*d}$$
		  > 
		  > $P$ = [[Pressure (Calculus)]]
		  > $\rho$ = [[Weight Density Constant]]
		  > $d$ = Depth from surface
	- Rearranging the first formula and combining it with the second we can find the [[Force]] exerted on a plate submerged at some depth.
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{F=A*\rho d}$$
		  > 
		  > $F$ = [[Force]]
		  > $A$ = [[Area]]
		  > $\rho$ = [[Weight Density Constant]]
		  > $d$ = Depth from surface
		  > > [!Warning]
		  > > This will require an integral to really find the [[Force]]. This equation is only accurate for some exact **depth**. Basically the [[Force]] exerted on the top of the submerged plate is not the same as the [[Force]] exerted on the bottom of the submerged plate.
---
- ## Reference
	- [[Force Due to Fluid Pressure - Textbook.pdf]]
	- Useful in combination with [[Work (Calculus)]].
