Rate of Reaction.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu October 27th 2022 04:53:56 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- Notated as $R_f$ or $R_r$
	- The [[Rate of Reaction]]  is the speed that the **reactants** or **products** reach the [[Transition State]].
		- ![[IMG_40FC488C196B-1.jpeg|300]]
		- [[Molarity|Concentration]] is the chance that the right [[Molecule|Molecules]] will **collide**.
		- [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reaction Rate Constant]] is the chance that the [[Molecule|Molecules]] will collide in the **right orientation**.
- ## Writing Rate Laws For One Step Reactions 
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$R_f=k_f*[reactants^{coeff}]$$
	  > $$R_r=k_r*[products^{coeff}]$$
	  > 
	  > $R_f$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]].
	  > $R_f$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]].
	  > $coeff$ = The **coefficient** of the respective **reactant** or **product**.
	  > 
	  > > [!Note]
	  > > Must represent each [[States Of Matter|State of Matter]] in the following way:
	  > > - Aqueous Solute Concentration (aq) = $\frac{mol}{L}$
	  > > - 
	  > 
	  > > [!Note]
	  > > The $[reactants^{coeff}]$ or $[products^{coeff}]$ refers to a list of each of the **reactants** or **products** to the power of their **coefficient**.
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-27 17:08:12
Affected files:
Rate of Reaction.md

Rate of Reaction.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu October 27th 2022 04:53:56 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- Notated as $R_f$ or $R_r$
	- The [[Rate of Reaction]]  is the speed that the **reactants** or **products** reach the [[Transition State]].
		- ![[IMG_40FC488C196B-1.jpeg|300]]
		- [[Molarity|Concentration]] is the chance that the right [[Molecule|Molecules]] will **collide**.
		- [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reaction Rate Constant]] is the chance that the [[Molecule|Molecules]] will collide in the **right orientation**.
	- The [[Rate of Reaction]] can be sped up by increasing the amount of **reactants** or **products**
- ## Writing Rate Laws For One Step Reactions 
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$R_f=k_f*[reactants^{coeff}]$$
	  > $$R_r=k_r*[products^{coeff}]$$
	  > 
	  > $R_f$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]].
	  > $R_f$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]].
	  > $coeff$ = The **coefficient** of the respective **reactant** or **product**.
	  > 
	  > > [!Note]
	  > > Must represent each [[States Of Matter|State of Matter]] in the following way:
	  > > - Aqueous Solute Concentration (aq) = $\frac{mol}{L}$.
	  > > - Pure [[Solid]] Concentration (s) = $1$.
	  > > - Pure [[Liquid]] Concentration (l) = $1$.
	  > > - Pure [[Gas]] Concentration (g) = $\frac{mol}{L}$.
	  > >   
	  > > Basically **Pure Solid Concentration** and **Pure Liquid Concentration** will get replaced with **$1$** in the equation and so will not effect it at all.
	  > 
	  > > [!Note]
	  > > The $[reactants^{coeff}]$ or $[products^{coeff}]$ refers to a list of each of the **reactants** or **products** to the power of their **coefficient**.
- ## Reference
	- Depends on [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reaction Rate Constant]].
