Reaction Rate Constants.md, before:

---
Alias: [Forwards Rate Constant, Reverse Rate Constant]
Creation Date: Wed October 26th 2022 03:19:46 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- Notated as $k$
	- Broken into the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]] and the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]].
		- The [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]] determines how fast the reaction will proceed in the forwards direction.
		- The [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]] determines how fast the reaction will proceed in the reverse direction.
	- The [[Reaction Rate Constants]] can be determined by the **speed** at which the **reactants** or **products** reach the [[Transition State]]. ^f97fea
		- ![[IMG_40FC488C196B-1.jpeg|300]]
		- [[Molarity|Concentration]] increases the chance that the right [[Molecule|Molecules]] will **collide**.
		- A **rate constant** (related to the amount of [[Activation Energy]] required to start the reaction) determines how often they right [[Molecule|Molecules]] will collide in the **right orientation**.
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-27 16:43:12
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Reaction Rate Constants.md

Reaction Rate Constants.md, after:

---
Alias: [Forwards Rate Constant, Reverse Rate Constant]
Creation Date: Wed October 26th 2022 03:19:46 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- Notated as $k$
	- Broken into the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]] and the [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]].
		- The [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]] determines how fast the reaction will proceed in the forwards direction.
		- The [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]] determines how fast the reaction will proceed in the reverse direction.
	- The [[Reaction Rate Constants]] can be determined by the **speed** at which the **reactants** or **products** reach the [[Transition State]]. ^f97fea
		- ![[IMG_40FC488C196B-1.jpeg|300]]
		- [[Molarity|Concentration]] increases the chance that the right [[Molecule|Molecules]] will **collide**.
		- A **rate constant** (related to the amount of [[Activation Energy]] required to start the reaction) determines how often they right [[Molecule|Molecules]] will collide in the **right orientation**.
- ## Writing Rate Laws For One Step Reactions 
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$R_f=k_f*[reactants^{coeff}]$$
	  > $$R_r=k_r*[products^{coeff}]$$
	  > 
	  > Note that the $[reactants^{coeff}]$ or $[products^{coeff}]$ refers to a list of each of the **reactants** or **products** to the power of their **coefficient**.
	  > $R_f$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Forwards Rate Constant]]
	  > $R_f$ = [[Reaction Rate Constants|Reverse Rate Constant]]
- ## Reference
