Schrodinger Model.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed September 7th 2022 11:16:21 am 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The [[Bohr's Model]] lacked some complexities that fully describe the behavior of an atom. The new theory, the [[Schrodinger Model]] uses coordinate systems, trigonometry, [[Calculus]] and more math to model atoms other than just Hydrogen.
	- Resulted in the [[Schrodinger Equation]] and 4 [[Quantum Number|Quantum Numbers]] that describe the Probability Region[^1].
		- Symbol|[[Quantum Number]]
		  ---|---
		  $n$|[[Principle Quantum Number]] 
		 $\ell$|[[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]
		 $m_l$|[[Magnetic Orbital Quantum Number]]
		 $m_s$|[[Spin Quantum Number]]
		 
	- When put together the [[Quantum Number|Quantum Numbers]] create these Probability Regions[^1]
		- ![[IMG_7BCA789CA91E-1.jpeg]]
   - They also create these [[Sublevel|Sublevels]].
	   - ![[IMG_4A3D74F6069C-1.jpeg]]
	   - [[Sublevel|Sublevels]] are shown as rows of boxes.
	   - [[Orbital|Orbitals]] are shown as boxes.
	     > [!Example]-
	     > What are the [[Quantum Number|Quantum Numbers]] of this [[Electron]].
	     > ![[IMG_96B8B2E75073-1.jpeg|300]]
	     > > [!Answer]-
	     > > $n$|$2$|
	     > > ---|---|
	     > > $\ell$|$1$|
	     > > $m_l$|$-1,0,1$|
	     > > $m_s$|$1/2$|
	     
- ## [[Sublevel|Sublevels]]
	- Each [[Sublevel]] is given by an identifier consisting of $\large{n\ell}$.
	  > [!Example]
	  > $$\large{3d}$$
	  > 
	  > $n$ ([[Principle Quantum Number|Principle]]) = 3
	  > $\ell$ ([[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Orbital Angular Momentum]]) = 2
	  
  - Energy increases with each [[Sublevel]] listed in order of energy.
	  - If there is a tie between [[Sublevel]] [[Energy]], the [[Sublevel]] with the highest [[Principle Quantum Number|Principle]] wins.
- ## Reference
	- 


[^1]: Probability Region: The region where an [[Electron]] can be found.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-07 15:27:06
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Orbital.md
Schrodinger Model.md
Sublevel.md

Schrodinger Model.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed September 7th 2022 11:16:21 am 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The [[Bohr's Model]] lacked some complexities that fully describe the behavior of an atom. The new theory, the [[Schrodinger Model]] uses coordinate systems, trigonometry, [[Calculus]] and more math to model atoms other than just Hydrogen.
	- Resulted in the [[Schrodinger Equation]] and 4 [[Quantum Number|Quantum Numbers]] that describe the Probability Region[^1].
		- Symbol|[[Quantum Number]]
		  ---|---
		  $n$|[[Principle Quantum Number]] 
		 $\ell$|[[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]
		 $m_l$|[[Magnetic Orbital Quantum Number]]
		 $m_s$|[[Spin Quantum Number]]
		 
	- When put together the [[Quantum Number|Quantum Numbers]] create these Probability Regions[^1]
		- ![[IMG_7BCA789CA91E-1.jpeg|400]]
   - They also create these [[Sublevel|Sublevels]].
	   - ![[IMG_4A3D74F6069C-1.jpeg|300]]
	   - [[Sublevel|Sublevels]] are shown as rows of boxes.
	   - [[Orbital|Orbitals]] are shown as boxes.
	     > [!Example]-
	     > What are the [[Quantum Number|Quantum Numbers]] of this [[Electron]].
	     > ![[IMG_96B8B2E75073-1.jpeg|150]]
	     > > [!Answer]-
	     > > QN|Answer|Explination
	     > > ---|---|---
	     > > $n$|$2$|The first number in $2p$ is $2$.
	     > > $\ell$|$1$|$p$ is equal to $1$.
	     > > $m_l$|$-1,0,1$|Because $ell$ is $1$, this includes numbers from $\ell$ to $-\ell$.
	     > > $m_s$|$-1/2$|The arrow is pointing down.
	    
- ## Electron Orbital Occupation Rules
	- Electrons will always seek the lowest energy available [[Orbital]].
	- [[Pa]]
- ## Reference
	- Has [[Sublevel|Sublevels]] and [[Orbital|Orbitals]] instead of just energy levels like the [[Bohr's Model]].


[^1]: Probability Region: The region where an [[Electron]] can be found.
