Set.md, before:

---
Alias: [Sets, Set Literal]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus I]] [[Discrete Math]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Sequence]] [[Empty Set]] [[Subset]] [[Cardinality]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- A collection of elements that **do not repeat** and have no order.
	- Generally notated by enclosing the elements in a comma delimited list with $\{\,\}$
	- Two [[Set|Sets]] are **equal** if they have the same elements.
	- A [[Set]] can be an element in another [[Set]].
- #### Set Literal
	- A way to define a [[Set]] by giving its list of elements.
		- Ex: $\{ 0,1,2,3,4,5 \}$
- #### Defining Sets
	- A set can also be "defined" with an expression in $\{  \}$.
		- Ex: $\{ n \in \mathbb{Z}\mid n\geq 2 \text{ and }n<7 \}$ yields $\{ 2,3,4,5,6 \}$
- #### Common Mathematical Sets
	- $\mathbb{N}$ is the [[Set]] of [[Natural Numbers]].
	- $\mathbb{Z}$ is the [[Set]] of all [[Integer|Integers]].
	- $\mathbb{Q}$ is the [[Set]] of all [[Rational Numbers]].
	- $\mathbb{R}$ is the [[Set]] of all [[Real Number|Real Numbers]].
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2024-01-11 02:04:09
Affected files:
Set.md
Subset.md
Universal Set.md

Set.md, after:

---
Alias: [Sets, Set Literal]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus I]] [[Discrete Math]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Sequence]]  [[Cardinality]]
> Children:: [[Universal Set]] [[Empty Set]] [[Subset]]
---
- ## Definition
	- A collection of elements that **do not repeat** and have no order.
	- Generally notated by enclosing the elements in a comma delimited list with $\{\,\}$
	- Two [[Set|Sets]] are **equal** if they have the same elements.
	- A [[Set]] can be an element in another [[Set]].
- #### Set Literal
	- A way to define a [[Set]] by giving its list of elements.
		- Ex: $\{ 0,1,2,3,4,5 \}$
- #### Defining Sets
	- A set can also be "defined" with an expression in $\{  \}$.
		- Ex: $\{ n \in \mathbb{Z}\mid n\geq 2 \text{ and }n<7 \}$ yields $\{ 2,3,4,5,6 \}$
- #### Common Mathematical Sets
	- $\mathbb{N}$ is the [[Set]] of [[Natural Numbers]].
	- $\mathbb{Z}$ is the [[Set]] of all [[Integer|Integers]].
	- $\mathbb{Q}$ is the [[Set]] of all [[Rational Numbers]].
	- $\mathbb{R}$ is the [[Set]] of all [[Real Number|Real Numbers]].
	- The superscript $^+$ or $^-$ is used to describe a set with only positive or negative numbers respectively. 
---
- ## Reference
