Sinusoidal Signal.md, before:

---
Alias: [Sinusoidal Signals]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Phase Angle]] [[Signal Equations.canvas|Signal Equations]]
> Children:: [[Sinusoidal Operations]]
---
- ## Definition
	- A [[Periodic Signal]] in the form of:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$V(t)=V_{DC}+V_{p}\cos(2\pi ft+\theta)$$
	  > $V(t)$ = [[Voltage]] in terms of time in $V$
	  > $t$ = Time in $s$
	  > $V_{DC}$ = [[Average Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{p}$ = [[Amplitude]] in $V$
	  > $f$ = [[Frequency]] in $\frac{1}{s}$
	  > $\theta$ = [[Phase Angle|Phase]] in $s$ ^6b129b
	- The [[Root Mean Square|RMS]] [[Voltage]] of a [[Sinusoidal Signal]] without a $V_{dc}$ component can be simplified like this:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{V_{rms}=\sqrt{ V_{dc}^2+\frac{V_{p}^2}{2} }}$$
	  > And if $V_{dc}=0$:
	  > $$\large{V_{rms}=\frac{V_{p}}{\sqrt{ 2 }}}$$
	  > 
	  > $V_{rms}$ = [[Root Mean Square|RMS]] [[Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{dc}$ = [[Average Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{p}$ = [[Amplitude]] in $V$
	  > 
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[IMG_973171CD2746-1.jpeg]]
---
- ## Practice
	- [[ECE200 Homework 5.pdf]]
	- [[ECE200 Homework 6.pdf]]
	- [[ECE200 Homework 8.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2024-03-20 14:41:21
Affected files:
Instantaneous Power.md
Sinusoidal Signal.md

Sinusoidal Signal.md, after:

---
Alias: [Sinusoidal Signals]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Phase Angle]] [[Signal Equations.canvas|Signal Equations]]
> Children:: [[Sinusoidal Operations]]
---
- ## Definition
	- A [[Periodic Signal]] in the form of:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$V(t)=V_{DC}+V_{p}\cos(2\pi ft+\theta)$$
	  > $V(t)$ = [[Voltage]] in terms of time in $V$
	  > $t$ = Time in $s$
	  > $V_{DC}$ = [[Average Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{p}$ = [[Amplitude]] in $V$
	  > $f$ = [[Frequency]] in $\frac{1}{s}$
	  > $\theta$ = [[Phase Angle|Phase]] in $s$ ^6b129b
	  > 
	  > Note that this example was given for [[Voltage]], but the same logic applies to [[Current]] and any other [[Sinusoidal Signal|Sinusoidal Signals]] as well.
	- The [[Root Mean Square|RMS]] [[Voltage]] of a [[Sinusoidal Signal]] without a $V_{dc}$ component can be simplified like this:
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{V_{rms}=\sqrt{ V_{dc}^2+\frac{V_{p}^2}{2} }}$$
	  > And if $V_{dc}=0$:
	  > $$\large{V_{rms}=\frac{V_{p}}{\sqrt{ 2 }}}$$
	  > 
	  > $V_{rms}$ = [[Root Mean Square|RMS]] [[Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{dc}$ = [[Average Voltage]] in $V$
	  > $V_{p}$ = [[Amplitude]] in $V$
	  > 
	  > > [!Proof]-
	  > > ![[IMG_973171CD2746-1.jpeg]]
---
- ## Practice
	- [[ECE200 Homework 5.pdf]]
	- [[ECE200 Homework 6.pdf]]
	- [[ECE200 Homework 8.pdf]]
- ## Reference
