Stiffness of Multiple Springs.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Hooke's Law (Physics)]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Spring and Ball Model]]
---
- ## Definition
	- Using the [[The Momentum Principle]] and [[Hooke's Law (Physics)]] we can determine the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Stiffness (Physics)]] of springs in both **series** and **parallel**.
	- As a reference point, we need to find the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Constant (Physics)]] of a single **spring** being stretched by some force.
		- > [!Equation]
		  > For simplicity, we will assume a setup with a spring hanging from the ceiling with a weight attached to it. The weight is not moving.
		  > 
		  > The [[The Momentum Principle]] states:
		  > $$\Delta \vec{p}=\vec{F}_{net}\Delta t$$
		  > The weight is at rest so we know that there is no change in [[Momentum]]:
		  > $$\begin{align}
		0 & = \vec{F}_{net}\Delta t \\
	 0 & = \vec{F}_{net} \\
	 0 & = (\vec{F}_{\text{spring}}+\vec{F}_{\text{gravity}}) \\
	 \vec{F}_{\text{spring}} & = -\vec{F}_{\text{gravity}} \\
	 |\vec{F}_{\text{spring}}| & = |\vec{F}_{\text{gravity}}| \\
	 ks & =ma \\
	 k & = \frac{ma}{s}
		> \end{align}$$
		> Where $k$ is the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Constant (Physics)]] and $s$ is the spring **displacement**.
- ## Springs in Series
	- > [!Equation]
	  > When springs attached end to end have the same weight applied to them they will each stretch the same amount. 
	  > 
	  > So we can find the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Stiffness (Physics)]] for the entire longer spring by accounting for the doubled stretch in our previous equation.
	  > $$\large{k=\frac{ma}{2s}}$$
	  > In general:
	  > $$\large{k_{\text{n springs}}=\frac{1}{n}}k_{\text{1 spring}}$$
- ## Springs in Parallel
	- > [!Equation]
	  > When springs are attached side by side and have the same weight applied to them, each spring will support half the weight 
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-02-14 17:11:50
Affected files:
Stiffness of Multiple Springs.md

Stiffness of Multiple Springs.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: [[Hooke's Law (Physics)]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Spring and Ball Model]]
---
- ## Definition
	- Using the [[The Momentum Principle]] and [[Hooke's Law (Physics)]] we can determine the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Stiffness (Physics)]] of springs in both **series** and **parallel**.
	- As a reference point, we need to find the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Constant (Physics)]] of a single **spring** being stretched by some force.
		- > [!Equation]
		  > For simplicity, we will assume a setup with a spring hanging from the ceiling with a weight attached to it. The weight is not moving.
		  > 
		  > The [[The Momentum Principle]] states:
		  > $$\Delta \vec{p}=\vec{F}_{net}\Delta t$$
		  > The weight is at rest so we know that there is no change in [[Momentum]]:
		  > $$\begin{align}
		0 & = \vec{F}_{net}\Delta t \\
	 0 & = \vec{F}_{net} \\
	 0 & = (\vec{F}_{\text{spring}}+\vec{F}_{\text{gravity}}) \\
	 \vec{F}_{\text{spring}} & = -\vec{F}_{\text{gravity}} \\
	 |\vec{F}_{\text{spring}}| & = |\vec{F}_{\text{gravity}}| \\
	 ks & =ma \\
	 k & = \frac{ma}{s}
		> \end{align}$$
		> Where $k$ is the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Constant (Physics)]] and $s$ is the spring **displacement**.
- ## Springs in Series
	- > [!Equation]
	  > When springs attached end to end have the same weight applied to them they will each stretch the same amount. 
	  > 
	  > So we can find the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Stiffness (Physics)]] for the entire longer spring by accounting for the doubled stretch in our previous equation.
	  > $$\large{k=\frac{ma}{2s}}$$
	  > In general:
	  > $$\large{k_{\text{n springs}}=\frac{1}{n}}k_{\text{1 spring}}$$
- ## Springs in Parallel
	- > [!Equation]
	  > When springs are attached side by side and have the same weight applied to them, each spring will support half the weight.
	  > 
	  > So we can find the [[Hooke's Law (Physics)|Spring Stiffness (Physics)]] of each spring in parallel by accounting for the lessened mass that each spring has to support in our previous equation.
	  > $\large{k=\frac{\frac{m}{2}a}{s}}$
---
- ## Reference
