Thermodynamics.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed October 19th 2022 05:20:37 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The study of [[Energy]] and its transformations.
- ## Laws of [[Thermodynamics]]
	- #### First Law of Thermodynamics
		- [[Energy]] can never be created or destroyed, only changed.
			- [[Work]] and [[Heat]] can be transformed into one another.
			- > [!Equation]
			> $$\Delta E_{universe} = \Delta E_{system}+\Delta E_{surrounding}=0$$
			> 
			> $\Delta E_{universe}$ = [[Energy]] of the **system** and its **surroundings**.
			> $\Delta E_{system}$ = [[Energy]] in the system.
			> $\Delta E_{surrounding}$ = [[Energy]] in the surroundings.
			- If the **system** wants to absorb [[Energy]] then the **surroundings** must give up that [[Energy]] to maintain an equilibrium.
		- #### Second Law Of Thermodynamics
			- [[Entropy]] must be **greater than zero for all spontaneous processes**.
				- > [!Equation]
			  > $$\Delta S_{universe} = \Delta S_{system} + \Delta S_{surrounding}>0$$
			  > 
			  > $\Delta S_{universe}$ = [[Entropy]] of the **system** and its **surroundings**.
			  > $\Delta S_{system}$ = [[Entropy]] in the system.
			  > $\Delta S_{surrounding}$ = [[Entropy]] in the surroundings.
			  - The universe will always keep getting more chaotic until its head death.
			- Fre
- ## Reference
	- [[Heat]]
	- [[Work]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-10-24 16:11:06
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Free Energy.md
Thermodynamics.md

Thermodynamics.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed October 19th 2022 05:20:37 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The study of [[Energy]] and its transformations.
- ## Laws of [[Thermodynamics]]
	- #### First Law of Thermodynamics
		- [[Energy]] can never be created or destroyed, only changed.
			- [[Work]] and [[Heat]] can be transformed into one another.
			- > [!Equation]
			> $$\Delta E_{universe} = \Delta E_{system}+\Delta E_{surrounding}=0$$
			> 
			> $\Delta E_{universe}$ = [[Energy]] of the **system** and its **surroundings**.
			> $\Delta E_{system}$ = [[Energy]] in the system.
			> $\Delta E_{surrounding}$ = [[Energy]] in the surroundings.
			- If the **system** wants to absorb [[Energy]] then the **surroundings** must give up that [[Energy]] to maintain an equilibrium.
		- #### Second Law Of Thermodynamics
			- [[Entropy]] must be **greater than zero for all spontaneous processes**.
				- > [!Equation]
			  > $$\Delta S_{universe} = \Delta S_{system} + \Delta S_{surrounding}>0$$
			  > 
			  > $\Delta S_{universe}$ = [[Entropy]] of the **system** and its **surroundings**.
			  > $\Delta S_{system}$ = [[Entropy]] in the system.
			  > $\Delta S_{surrounding}$ = [[Entropy]] in the surroundings.
			  - The universe will always keep getting more chaotic until its head death.
			- [[Free Energy]] determines if a process is **spontaneous** or not.
- ## Reference
	- [[Heat]]
	- [[Work]]
