Three Phase Power.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Wye-Wye Connected System]] [[Delta-Delta Connected System]]
---
- ## Definition
	- A method of transporting [[Real Power|Power]] using **three** wires. The [[Voltage|Voltages]] and [[Current|Currents]] of each wire are out of [[Phase Angle|Phase]] with each other by $120$.
		- ![[Screenshot 2024-03-23 at 4.08.16 PM.png]]
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{V_{an}=V_{p}\angle 0\degre}$$
	- The [[Delta Configuration]] / [[Wye Configuration]] for both **source** and **load** can be mix and matched.
- #### Source
	- The **source** of [[Three Phase Power]] is equivalent to three [[Voltage]] sources connected in either a [[Delta Configuration]] or [[Wye Configuration]].
		-  ![[Screenshot 2024-03-23 at 4.11.18 PM.png]]
		- Note that the magnitude of all the [[Voltage Source|Voltage Sources]] are equals.
- #### Load
	- The **load** of [[Three Phase Power]] is equivalent to three [[Resistor|Resistors]] connected in either a [[Delta Configuration]] or [[Wye Configuration]].
		- ![[Screenshot 2024-03-23 at 4.14.36 PM.png]]
		- Not that the magnitudes of all the [[Resistor|Resistors]] are equal.
---
- ## Practice

Commit message:

vault backup: 2024-03-23 16:25:50
Affected files:
References/Screenshot 2024-03-23 at 4.21.28 PM.png
Three Phase Power.md
Wye-Wye Connected System.md

Three Phase Power.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: 
> Children:: [[Wye-Wye Connected System]] [[Delta-Delta Connected System]]
---
- ## Definition
	- A method of transporting [[Real Power|Power]] using **three** wires. The [[Voltage|Voltages]] and [[Current|Currents]] of each wire are out of [[Phase Angle|Phase]] with each other by $120$.
		- ![[Screenshot 2024-03-23 at 4.08.16 PM.png|400]]
		- In the [[Complex Domain]] the [[Complex Power|Complex Powers]] would look like this:
			- ![[Screenshot 2024-03-23 at 4.21.28 PM.png|200]]
		- > [!Equation]
		  > 
		  > $$\large{V_{an}=V_{p}\angle 0\degree}$$
		  > $$\large{V_{vn}=V_{p}\angle 120\degree}$$
		  > $$\large{V_{cn}=V_{p}\angle -120\degree}$$
	- The [[Delta Configuration]] / [[Wye Configuration]] for both **source** and **load** can be mix and matched. This creates $4$ possible combinations:
		- [[Delta-Delta Connected System]]
		- [[Delta-Wye Connected System]]
		- [[Wye-Delta Connected System]]
		- [[Wye-Wye Connected System]]
- #### Source
	- The **source** of [[Three Phase Power]] is equivalent to three [[Voltage]] sources connected in either a [[Delta Configuration]] or [[Wye Configuration]].
		-  ![[Screenshot 2024-03-23 at 4.11.18 PM.png]]
		- Note that the magnitude of all the [[Voltage Source|Voltage Sources]] are equals.
- #### Load
	- The **load** of [[Three Phase Power]] is equivalent to three [[Resistor|Resistors]] connected in either a [[Delta Configuration]] or [[Wye Configuration]].
		- ![[Screenshot 2024-03-23 at 4.14.36 PM.png]]
		- Not that the magnitudes of all the [[Resistor|Resistors]] are equal.
---
- ## Practice
