Trigonometric Substitutions.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus II]]
> Parents:: [[Pathergrans Theorem]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- To make [[Integral|Integration]] easier for radicals, we can use **substitutions** based on [[Pathergrans Theorem]].
	- We can write out **substitutions** for $\sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }$, $\sqrt{ x^2-a^2 }$, and $\sqrt{ a^2+x^2 }$.
	- > [!Equation]
	   > $$\large{\sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }=a\cos\theta}$$
	   > > [!Proof]-
	   > > If we draw out a right triangle and label one side $x$ and the hypotenuse $a$:
	   > > ![[Screen Shot 2023-02-01 at 11.30.03 PM.png|200]]
	   > > Then using [[Pathergrans Theorem]] we can deduce that the remaining side is:
	   > > $$\sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }$$
	   > > Using basic $\sin$ and $\cos$ rules we can find the $\sin$ of $\theta$ and solve for $x$:
	   > > $$\begin{align}
	   > \sin\theta&=\frac{x}{a}\\
	   > x&=a\sin\theta
	   > \end{align}$$
	   > > Substitute this into $\sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }$  and solve:
	   > > $$\begin{align}
	   > \sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }&=\sqrt{ a^2-(a\sin\theta)^2 }\\
	   > &=\sqrt{ a^2-a^2\sin^2\theta }\\
	   > &=\sqrt{ a^2-a^2\sin^2\theta }\\
	   > &=\sqrt{ a^2(1-\sin^2\theta) }\\
	   > &=\sqrt{ a^2\cos^2\theta }\\
	   > &=a\cos \theta
	   > \end{align}$$
	- > [!Equation]
	  > 
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-02-02 00:46:04
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Even Powers of Sin and Cos.md
References/Screen Shot 2023-02-02 at 12.43.43 AM.png
Trigonometric Substitutions.md

Trigonometric Substitutions.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus II]]
> Parents:: [[Pathergrans Theorem]]
> Friends:: 
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- To make [[Integral|Integration]] easier for radicals, we can use **substitutions** based on [[Pathergrans Theorem]].
	- We can write out **substitutions** for $\sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }$, $\sqrt{ x^2-a^2 }$, and $\sqrt{ a^2+x^2 }$.
	- > [!Equation]
	   > $$\large{\sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }=a\cos\theta}$$
	   > > [!Proof]-
	   > > If we draw out a right triangle and label one side $x$ and the hypotenuse $a$:
	   > > ![[Screen Shot 2023-02-01 at 11.30.03 PM.png|200]]
	   > > Then using [[Pathergrans Theorem]] we can deduce that the remaining side is:
	   > > $$\sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }$$
	   > > Using basic $\sin$ and $\cos$ rules we can find the $\sin$ of $\theta$ and solve:
	   > > $$\begin{align}
	   > \sin\theta&=\frac{x}{a}\\
	   > x&=a\sin\theta
	   > \end{align}$$
	   > > Substitute this into $\sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }$  and solve:
	   > > $$\begin{align}
	   > \sqrt{ a^2-x^2 }&=\sqrt{ a^2-(a\sin\theta)^2 }\\
	   > &=\sqrt{ a^2-a^2\sin^2\theta }\\
	   > &=\sqrt{ a^2-a^2\sin^2\theta }\\
	   > &=\sqrt{ a^2(1-\sin^2\theta) }\\
	   > &=\sqrt{ a^2\cos^2\theta }\\
	   > &=a\cos \theta
	   > \end{align}$$
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\sqrt{ x^2-a^2 }=a\sec\theta}$$
	  > > [!Proof]
	  > > If we draw out a right triangle and label one side $a$ and the hypotenuse $x$:
	  > > ![[Screen Shot 2023-02-02 at 12.43.43 AM.png|200]]
	  > > Then using [[Pathergrans Theorem]] we can deduce that the remaining side is:
	  > > $$\sqrt{ x^2-a^2 }$$
	  > > Using basic $\sin$ and $\cos$ rules we can find the $\sin$ of $\theta$ and solve:
	  > > 
---
- ## Reference
