Vector Dot Product.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Vector Cross Product]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- A way to multiply the **parallel** components of two [[Vector|Vectors]].
	- The exact opposite of the [[Vector Cross Product]].
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{A}*\vec{B}=\lvert \vec{A} \rvert\lvert \vec{B} \rvert\cos(\theta)}$$
	  > $$\large{\vec{A}*\vec{B}= A_{x}B_{x}+A_{y}B_{y}+A_{z}B_{z}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{A}$ = [[Vector]] $A$
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Vector]] $B$
	  > $\theta$ = The angle between $\vec{A}$ and $\vec{B}$
	  > 
	  > The answer will be a [[Scaler]].
	- Note that the two different ways of computing the [[Vector Dot Product]] above mean that we **can find the angle between two [[Vector|Vectors]], $\theta$**, because $\lvert \vec{A} \rvert\lvert \vec{B} \rvert\cos(\theta)=A_{x}B_{x}+A_{y}B_{y}+A_{z}B_{z}$
	  > [!Equation]
		> $$\large{\theta=\arccos\left( \frac{A_{x}B_{x}+A_{y}B_{y}+A_{z}B_{z}}{\lvert \vec{A} \rvert\lvert \vec{B} \rvert} \right)}$$
		> 
		>  $\vec{A}$ = [[Vector]] $A$
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Vector]] $B$
	  > $\theta$ = The angle between $\vec{A}$ and $\vec{B}$
- ## In Relation To Net Force
	- The **parallel** component of the $\vec{F}_{net}$.
	- ![[Drawing 2023-02-23 00.54.30.excalidraw]]
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\parallel}=|\vec{F}_{net}|*\cos(\theta)*|\vec{p}|}$$
---
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-08-28 14:03:07
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Orthogonal Decomposition.md
Vector Cross Product.md
Vector Dot Product.md

Vector Dot Product.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Vector Cross Product]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- A way to multiply the **parallel** components of two [[Vector|Vectors]].
	- Can also be used to:
		- Solve for angles in 3D
		- [[Orthogonal Decomposition]]
		- [[Work (Physics)]]
	- The exact opposite of the [[Vector Cross Product]].
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{A}*\vec{B}=\lvert \vec{A} \rvert\lvert \vec{B} \rvert\cos(\theta)}$$
	  > $$\large{\vec{A}*\vec{B}= A_{x}B_{x}+A_{y}B_{y}+A_{z}B_{z}}$$
	  > 
	  > $\vec{A}$ = [[Vector]] $A$
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Vector]] $B$
	  > $\theta$ = The angle between $\vec{A}$ and $\vec{B}$
	  > 
	  > The answer will be a [[Scaler]].
	- Note that the two different ways of computing the [[Vector Dot Product]] above mean that we **can find the angle between two [[Vector|Vectors]], $\theta$**, because $\lvert \vec{A} \rvert\lvert \vec{B} \rvert\cos(\theta)=A_{x}B_{x}+A_{y}B_{y}+A_{z}B_{z}$
	  > [!Equation]
		> $$\large{\theta=\arccos\left( \frac{A_{x}B_{x}+A_{y}B_{y}+A_{z}B_{z}}{\lvert \vec{A} \rvert\lvert \vec{B} \rvert} \right)}$$
		> 
		>  $\vec{A}$ = [[Vector]] $A$
	  > $\vec{B}$ = [[Vector]] $B$
	  > $\theta$ = The angle between $\vec{A}$ and $\vec{B}$
- ## In Relation To Net Force
	- The **parallel** component of the $\vec{F}_{net}$.
	- ![[Drawing 2023-02-23 00.54.30.excalidraw]]
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\vec{F}_{\parallel}=|\vec{F}_{net}|*\cos(\theta)*|\vec{p}|}$$
---
- ## Reference
