Vector Cross Product.md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Vector Dot Product]] [[Right Hand Rule]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Symbol: $\times$
	- A way to multiply the **perpendicular** components of two [[Vector|Vectors]]. Requires three dimensions.
	- The [[Vector Cross Product]] of two [[Vector|Vectors]] will be perpendicular to both.
	  ![[Screenshot 2023-08-25 at 2.28.29 PM.png|200]]
	- The exact opposite of the [[Vector Dot Product]].
	- ![[Screen Shot 2023-04-10 at 6.20.01 PM.png|400]]
	  Both $\vec{A}$ and $\vec{B}$ are on the blue plane.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\lvert \vec{A}\times \vec{B} \rvert=\lvert \vec{A} \rvert\lvert \vec{B} \rvert\sin(\theta)}$$
	  > $$\large{\vec{A}\times \vec{B}=\left\langle A_{y}B_{z}-A_{z}B_{y},A_{z}B_{x}-A_{x}B_{z},A_{x}B_{y}-A_{y}B_{x} \right\rangle}$$
	- You can use the [[Right Hand Rule]] to quickly find the direction of the [[Vector Cross Product]].
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 11.1.pdf]]
	- [[PY205 Homework 11.2-11.3.pdf]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-08-28 14:03:07
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Orthogonal Decomposition.md
Vector Cross Product.md
Vector Dot Product.md

Vector Cross Product.md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Physics]]
> Parents:: 
> Friends:: [[Vector Dot Product]] [[Right Hand Rule]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- Symbol: $\times$
	- A way to multiply the **perpendicular** components of two [[Vector|Vectors]]. Requires three dimensions.
	- Can also be used to:
		- Calculate area
		- Identify a vector that is orthogonal to two other [[Vector|Vectors]]
	- The [[Vector Cross Product]] of two [[Vector|Vectors]] will be perpendicular to both.
	  ![[Screenshot 2023-08-25 at 2.28.29 PM.png|200]]
	- The exact opposite of the [[Vector Dot Product]].
	- ![[Screen Shot 2023-04-10 at 6.20.01 PM.png|400]]
	  Both $\vec{A}$ and $\vec{B}$ are on the blue plane.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{\lvert \vec{A}\times \vec{B} \rvert=\lvert \vec{A} \rvert\lvert \vec{B} \rvert\sin(\theta)}$$
	  > $$\large{\vec{A}\times \vec{B}=\left\langle A_{y}B_{z}-A_{z}B_{y},A_{z}B_{x}-A_{x}B_{z},A_{x}B_{y}-A_{y}B_{x} \right\rangle}$$
	- You can use the [[Right Hand Rule]] to quickly find the direction of the [[Vector Cross Product]].
---
- ## Practice
	- [[PY205 Homework 11.1.pdf]]
	- [[PY205 Homework 11.2-11.3.pdf]]
- ## Reference
