Voltage.md, before:

---
Alias: [Voltages, Volt, Volts, V, Potential Difference]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: [[Electromagnetic Force]]
> Friends:: [[Current]] [[Ohm's Law]]
> Children:: [[Voltage Source]] [[Kirchhoff’s Voltage Law]]
---
- ## Definition
	- [[Voltage]] is the **difference in electrical [[Potential Energy]]** of [[Electron|Electrons]] due to [[Charge|Charges]]. In other words, the external [[Work (Physics)]] needed to move a [[Charge]] from one location to another location in an [[Electric Field]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{V=\frac{\Delta U}{q}}$$
		  > 
		  > $V$ = [[Voltage]] in $V$
		  > $\Delta U$ = [[Potential Energy]] of a [[Charge]] in an [[Electric Field]] in $J$
		  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of object with the [[Potential Energy]] in $C$
		- > [!Equation]
		  > Assuming a **constant** [[Electric Field]] for all of $\vec{r}_{ab}$, [[Potential Energy]] can be substituted in:
		  > $$\large{V=-\vec{E}\cdot\vec{r}_{ab}}$$
		  > 
		  > $V$ = [[Voltage]] in $V$
		  > $\Delta U$ = [[Potential Energy]] of a [[Charge]] in an [[Electric Field]] in $J$
		  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of object with the [[Potential Energy]] in $C$
		  > $\vec{r}_{ab}$ = Change in position from point $a$ to point $b$ in $m$
		  > > [!Proof]-
		  > > This gives [[Potential Energy]] in an external **constant** [[Electric Field]] generated by another charge for all of $\Delta x$.
		  > > $$\large{\Delta U=-q\vec{E}\cdot\Delta \vec{x}}$$
		  > > ![[IMG_786C3A7DE74A-1.jpeg]]
		- > [!Equation]
		  > If the [[Electric Field]] is not constant for all of $\vec{r}_{ab}$, then [[Integral|Integration]] is required to find the [[Voltage]] between the two points.
		  > $$\large{V=\frac{q}{4\pi\epsilon_{0}}\left( \frac{1}{r_{b}}-\frac{1}{r_{a}} \right)}$$
		  > $V$ = [[Voltage]] in $V$
		  > $\Delta U$ = [[Potential Energy]] of a [[Charge]] in an [[Electric Field]] in $J$
		  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of object with the [[Potential Energy]] in $C$
		  > $\vec{r}_{a}$ = Position to point $a$ in $m$
		  > $\vec{r}_{b}$ = Position to point $b$ in $m$
		- **The [[Electric Field]] points in the direction of DECREASING [[Voltage|Electric Potential]]**.
	- [[Voltage]] always refers to **difference in electrical [[Potential Energy]]**. In these notes it is notated as both $\Delta V$ and $V$ interchangeably. They are the same.
	- [[Voltage|Volt]] is a unit notated by $v$.
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{V=\frac{J}{C}}$$
	  > 
	  > $V$ = [[Voltage|Volt]]
	  > $J$ = [[Joule]]
	  > $C$ = [[Coulomb]]
	- > [!Warning]
	  > Consider everything below this warning as possibly incorrect, we didnt spend much time on it and looking at it now it dosent make a ton of sense.
	- Volts are the standard measurement of energy between two interacting [[Charge|Charges]]. Same as  [[Coulomb's Law of Force (Chemistry)]].
		- > [!Proof]-
		  > Consider this situation:
		  > ![[Screenshot 2023-08-21 at 10.01.27 PM.png|400]]
		  > We need to move $Q_{2}$ far away from $Q_{2}$ until there is basically no interaction between them. This is the [[Work (Physics)]] required and therefore the [[Potential Energy]]:
		  > $$\large{W=U=\int_{0}^{\infty} F(r) \, dr}=kQ_{1}Q_{2}\frac{1}{r}$$
		  > 
		  > $W$ = [[Work (Physics)]] required in $J$
		  > $k$ = Some constant, likely negative [[Coulomb's Constant]] /[[Dielectric Constant]]
		  > $J$ = [[Potential Energy]] in $J$
		  > $Q_{1}$ = [[Charge]] $1$
		  > $Q_{2}$ = [[Charge]] $2$
		  > $F(r)$ = Force as defined by [[Coulomb's Law of Force (Chemistry)]] in $N$
		  > $r$ = Distance in $m$
		  > 
		  > The units for this are $\frac{J}{C}$ or [[Voltage|Volts]].
	- Voltage Difference
	  > [!Equation]-
	  > $$\large{V_{a}-V_{b}=\Delta V_{ab}}$$
	  > $$\large{\Delta V_{ab}=kQ \frac{1}{V_{a}}-\frac{1}{V_{b}}}$$
	  > $$\large{\Delta V_{ba}=kQ \frac{1}{V_{b}}-\frac{1}{V_{a}}}$$
- ## Practice
	- [[PY208 Homework 16.1-16.4.pdf]]
- ## Reference
	- Voltage is related to [[Current]] with [[Ohm's Law]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-09-30 14:43:39
Affected files:
References/IMG_82FF022B2DA8-1.jpeg
Voltage.md

Voltage.md, after:

---
Alias: [Voltages, Volt, Volts, V, Potential Difference]
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Signals, Circuits, and Systems]]
> Parents:: [[Electromagnetic Force]]
> Friends:: [[Current]] [[Ohm's Law]]
> Children:: [[Voltage Source]] [[Kirchhoff’s Voltage Law]]
---
- ## Definition
	- [[Voltage]] is the **difference in electrical [[Potential Energy]]** of [[Electron|Electrons]] due to [[Charge|Charges]]. In other words, the external [[Work (Physics)]] needed to move a [[Charge]] from one location to another location in an [[Electric Field]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{V=\frac{\Delta U}{q}}$$
		  > 
		  > $V$ = [[Voltage]] in $V$
		  > $\Delta U$ = [[Potential Energy]] of a [[Charge]] in an [[Electric Field]] in $J$
		  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of object with the [[Potential Energy]] in $C$
		- > [!Equation]
		  > Assuming a **constant** [[Electric Field]] for all of $\vec{r}_{ab}$, [[Potential Energy]] can be substituted in:
		  > $$\large{V=-\vec{E}\cdot\vec{r}_{ab}}$$
		  > 
		  > $V$ = [[Voltage]] in $V$
		  > $\Delta U$ = [[Potential Energy]] of a [[Charge]] in an [[Electric Field]] in $J$
		  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of object with the [[Potential Energy]] in $C$
		  > $\vec{r}_{ab}$ = Change in position from point $a$ to point $b$ in $m$
		  > > [!Proof]-
		  > > This gives [[Potential Energy]] in an external **constant** [[Electric Field]] generated by another charge for all of $\Delta x$.
		  > > $$\large{\Delta U=-q\vec{E}\cdot\Delta \vec{x}}$$
		  > > ![[IMG_786C3A7DE74A-1.jpeg]]
		- > [!Equation]
		  > If the [[Electric Field]] is not constant for all of $\vec{r}_{ab}$, then [[Integral|Integration]] is required to find the [[Voltage]] between the two points.
		  > $$\large{V=\frac{q}{4\pi\epsilon_{0}}\left( \frac{1}{r_{b}}-\frac{1}{r_{a}} \right)}$$
		  > $V$ = [[Voltage]] in $V$
		  > $\Delta U$ = [[Potential Energy]] of a [[Charge]] in an [[Electric Field]] in $J$
		  > $q$ = [[Charge]] of object with the [[Potential Energy]] in $C$
		  > $\vec{r}_{a}$ = Position to point $a$ in $m$
		  > $\vec{r}_{b}$ = Position to point $b$ in $m$
		  > > [!Proof]-
		  > > Because the [[Electric Field]] is changing $r$ changes, [[Integral|Integration]] is required.
		  > > ![[IMG_82FF022B2DA8-1.jpeg]]
		- **The [[Electric Field]] points in the direction of DECREASING [[Voltage|Electric Potential]]**.
	- [[Voltage]] always refers to **difference in electrical [[Potential Energy]]**. In these notes it is notated as both $\Delta V$ and $V$ interchangeably. They are the same.
	- [[Voltage|Volt]] is a unit notated by $v$.
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{V=\frac{J}{C}}$$
	  > 
	  > $V$ = [[Voltage|Volt]]
	  > $J$ = [[Joule]]
	  > $C$ = [[Coulomb]]
	- > [!Warning]
	  > Consider everything below this warning as possibly incorrect, we didnt spend much time on it and looking at it now it dosent make a ton of sense.
	- Volts are the standard measurement of energy between two interacting [[Charge|Charges]]. Same as  [[Coulomb's Law of Force (Chemistry)]].
		- > [!Proof]-
		  > Consider this situation:
		  > ![[Screenshot 2023-08-21 at 10.01.27 PM.png|400]]
		  > We need to move $Q_{2}$ far away from $Q_{2}$ until there is basically no interaction between them. This is the [[Work (Physics)]] required and therefore the [[Potential Energy]]:
		  > $$\large{W=U=\int_{0}^{\infty} F(r) \, dr}=kQ_{1}Q_{2}\frac{1}{r}$$
		  > 
		  > $W$ = [[Work (Physics)]] required in $J$
		  > $k$ = Some constant, likely negative [[Coulomb's Constant]] /[[Dielectric Constant]]
		  > $J$ = [[Potential Energy]] in $J$
		  > $Q_{1}$ = [[Charge]] $1$
		  > $Q_{2}$ = [[Charge]] $2$
		  > $F(r)$ = Force as defined by [[Coulomb's Law of Force (Chemistry)]] in $N$
		  > $r$ = Distance in $m$
		  > 
		  > The units for this are $\frac{J}{C}$ or [[Voltage|Volts]].
	- Voltage Difference
	  > [!Equation]-
	  > $$\large{V_{a}-V_{b}=\Delta V_{ab}}$$
	  > $$\large{\Delta V_{ab}=kQ \frac{1}{V_{a}}-\frac{1}{V_{b}}}$$
	  > $$\large{\Delta V_{ba}=kQ \frac{1}{V_{b}}-\frac{1}{V_{a}}}$$
- ## Practice
	- [[PY208 Homework 16.1-16.4.pdf]]
- ## Reference
	- Voltage is related to [[Current]] with [[Ohm's Law]].
