Work (Calculus).md, before:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus II]]
> Parents:: [[Force]] [[Displacement]]
> Friends:: [[Work (Chemistry)]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- The [[Energy]] transferred to or from an object via the application of [[Force]] along a [[Displacement]].
	- When **[[Force]] is constant** over a [[Displacement]] then [[Work (Calculus)]] can be given by:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $W=F*D$
		  > 
		  > $W$ = [[Work (Calculus)]]
		  > $F$ = [[Force]]
		  > $D$ = [[Displacement]]
	- However when the **[[Force]] is variable but [[Continuity|Continuous]]** over a [[Displacement]], then [[Work (Calculus)]] is given by the [[Integral]] of [[Force]] over [[Displacement]]:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{W=\int_{a}^{b} f(x) \, dx}$$
		  > 
		  > $f(x)$ = Function that gives the variable force.
		  > 
		  > Proof is on page 32 of [[Application of Integrals - Textbook.pdf]]
		- Example:
		  ![[Drawing 2023-01-16 13.32.37.excalidraw]]
---
- ## Reference
	- [[Application of Integrals - Textbook.pdf]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2023-01-24 12:42:50
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Hooke's Law.md
Work (Calculus).md

Work (Calculus).md, after:

---
Alias: []
---
> [!Info]
> Subject:: [[Calculus II]]
> Parents:: [[Force]] [[Displacement]]
> Friends:: [[Work (Chemistry)]]
> Children:: 
---
- ## Definition
	- The [[Energy]] transferred to or from an object via the application of [[Force]] along a [[Displacement]].
	- When **[[Force]] is constant** over a [[Displacement]] then [[Work (Calculus)]] can be given by:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $W=F*D$
		  > 
		  > $W$ = [[Work (Calculus)]]
		  > $F$ = [[Force]]
		  > $D$ = [[Displacement]]
	- However when the **[[Force]] is variable but [[Continuity|Continuous]]** over a [[Displacement]], then [[Work (Calculus)]] is given by the [[Integral]] of [[Force]] over [[Displacement]]:
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{W=\int_{a}^{b} f(x) \, dx}$$
		  > 
		  > $f(x)$ = Function that gives the variable force.
		  > 
		  > Proof is on page 32 of [[Application of Integrals - Textbook.pdf]]
		- Example:
			- ![[Drawing 2023-01-16 13.32.37.excalidraw]]
---
- ## Reference
	- Useful in combination with [[Hooke's Law]] to work with **Springs**.
	- [[Application of Integrals - Textbook.pdf]]
