Vault/Permanent/Chemical Formula.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sun June 19th 2022 10:34:41 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- Definition
	- The formula that tells us what [[Element|Elements]] make up a substance.
	  > [!Example]
	  > $$C_2H_5OH$$
- Extracting Information 
	- [[Mole|Moles]]
		- We can easily determine how many [[Mole|Moles]] of each [[Element]] there are.
		  > [!Example]
		  > Using the formula above:
		  > $$C_2H_5OH$$
		  > In one mole of this compound there are:
		  > - $2moles$ of C
		  > - $6moles$ of H
		  > - $1mole$ of O
	- [[Mass]]
		- Using the moles that we determined above we can use the [[Molar Mass]] of each [[Element]] to determine the [[Mass]] of one [[Mole]] of a compound.
			1. Get a list of the [[Mole|Moles]] of each [[Element]] in the [[Compound]].
			2. Find the [[Molar Mass]] of each [[Element]] in the [[Compound]].
			3. Multiple the number of [[Mole|Moles]] of each [[Element]] with its [[Molar Mass]].
			4. Add the results for each [[Element]] for the [[Compound]] [[Mass]].
			   
			   > [!Example]
			   > Using the formula above:
		       > $$C_2H_5OH$$
		       > List the moles
		       > - $2moles$ of C
		       > - $6moles$ of H
		       > - $1mole$ of O
		       > Find the molar mass of each element
		       > - 
	- Number of [[Atom|Atoms]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-06-19 23:32:18
Affected files:
.obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Permanent/Chemical Formula.md
Vault/Permanent/Periodic Table.md

Vault/Permanent/Chemical Formula.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sun June 19th 2022 10:34:41 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- Definition
	- The formula that tells us what [[Element|Elements]] make up a substance.
	  > [!Example]
	  > $$C_2H_5OH$$
- Extracting Information 
	- [[Mole|Moles]]
		- We can easily determine how many [[Mole|Moles]] of each [[Element]] there are.
		  > [!Example]
		  > Using the formula above:
		  > $$C_2H_5OH$$
		  > In one mole of this compound there are:
		  > - $2moles$ of C
		  > - $6moles$ of H
		  > - $1mole$ of O
	- [[Mass]]
		- Using the moles that we determined above we can use the [[Molar Mass]] of each [[Element]] to determine the [[Mass]] of one [[Mole]] of a compound.
			1. Get a list of the [[Mole|Moles]] of each [[Element]] in the [[Compound]].
			2. Find the [[Molar Mass]] of each [[Element]] in the [[Compound]].
			3. Multiple the number of [[Mole|Moles]] of each [[Element]] with its [[Molar Mass]].
			4. Add the results for each [[Element]] for the [[Compound]] [[Mass]].
			   
			   > [!Example]
			   > Using the formula above:
		       > $$C_2H_5OH$$
		       > List the moles
		       > - $2moles$ of C
		       > - $6moles$ of H
		       > - $1mole$ of O
		       >   
		       > Find the molar mass of each element
		       > - $C=12.011grams$
		       > - $H=1.008grams$
		       > - $O=15.999grams$
		       >   
		       > Calculate the mass contribution of each element
		       > - $2molesC*12.011gramsC=24.022gramsC$
		       > - $6molesH*1.008gramsH=6.048gramsH$
		       > - $1moleO*15.999gramsO=15.999gramsO$
		       >
		       > Calculate the sum of the mass of the elements
		       > $24.022gramsC+6.048gramsH+15.999gramsO=49.069grams$
	- Number of [[Atom|Atoms]]
		- Same thing for mass but instead just multiply by [[Avogadro's Number]]
			1. Get a list of the [[Mole|Moles]] of each [[Element]] in the [[Compound]].
			2. Add all the [[Mole|Moles]].
			3. Multiply by [[Avogadro's Number]].

				> [!Example]
				> Using the formula above:
		       > $$C_2H_5OH$$
		       > List the moles
		       > - $2moles$ of C
		       > - $6moles$ of H
		       > - $1mole$ of O
		       >   
		       > Add the moles 
		       > $2molesC+6molesH+1moleO=9moles$
		       > 
		       > Multiple by $6.02*10^{23}$
		       >
