Vault/Permanent/Ionic Compound.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sat June 18th 2022 01:03:23 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]] [[Compound]]

- Definition
	- A [[Compound]] between a [[Metal]] and a [[Non-Metal]]. The [[Atoms]] form an [[Ionic Bond]] as the [[Metal]] "gives away/shares" its [[Electron|Electrons]] with the [[Non-Metal]].
	  >[!Memory Aid]
	  >Its Ironic that Metals and Non-Metals get together.
- Notes
	- [[Compound|Compounds]] made from [[Monoatomic Ion|Monoatomic Ions]] are often referred to as [[Binary Compound|Binary Compounds]]
	- Names
		- To find the name for an [[Ionic Compound]] you need to first predict the ratio in which the [[Atom|Atoms]] in the [[Ionic Compound]] will combine in.
			1. Determine the charge on each of the [[Ion|Ions]]
			2. Predict the ratio in which they will combine
			3. The names are simply combinations of the individual [[Ion|Ions]]
		> [!Example]
		> Write the formula and name of the compound made from calcium and nitrogen.
		> 1. Calcium is in Group 2, so its [[Ion|Cation]] will have a 2+ charge
		> 2. Nitrogen is in group 15, so its [[Ion|Anion]] will have a 3- charge
		> 3. We can determine that the ratio of Calcium to Nitrogen to make the charges cancel out will be three Calcium for a charge of 6+ and two Nitrogen for a charge of 6-. Together they have a charge of 0.
		> 4. The final formula is $Ca_3N_2$ and the name is Calcium Nitride

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-06-19 19:29:12
Affected files:
.obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Permanent/Avogadro's Number.md
Vault/Permanent/Ionic Compound.md

Vault/Permanent/Ionic Compound.md, after:

---
Alias: [Ionic Compounds]
Creation Date: Sat June 18th 2022 01:03:23 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]] [[Compound]]

- Definition
	- A [[Compound]] between a [[Metal]] and a [[Non-Metal]]. The [[Atoms]] form an [[Ionic Bond]] as the [[Metal]] "gives away/shares" its [[Electron|Electrons]] with the [[Non-Metal]].
	  >[!Memory Aid]
	  >Its Ironic that Metals and Non-Metals get together.
- Notes
	- [[Compound|Compounds]] made from [[Monoatomic Ion|Monoatomic Ions]] are often referred to as [[Binary Compound|Binary Compounds]]
	  > [!Warning]
	  > [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Compounds]] DO NOT FORM [[Molecule|Molecules]], they are instead referred to as "Formula Units".
	- Names
		- To find the name for an [[Ionic Compound]] you need to first predict the ratio in which the [[Atom|Atoms]] in the [[Ionic Compound]] will combine in.
			1. Determine the charge on each of the [[Ion|Ions]]
			2. Predict the ratio in which they will combine
			3. The names are simply combinations of the individual [[Ion|Ions]]
		> [!Example]
		> Write the formula and name of the compound made from calcium and nitrogen.
		> 1. Calcium is in Group 2, so its [[Ion|Cation]] will have a 2+ charge
		> 2. Nitrogen is in group 15, so its [[Ion|Anion]] will have a 3- charge
		> 3. We can determine that the ratio of Calcium to Nitrogen to make the charges cancel out will be three Calcium for a charge of 6+ and two Nitrogen for a charge of 6-. Together they have a charge of 0.
		> 4. The final formula is $Ca_3N_2$ and the name is Calcium Nitride
