Vault/Permanent/Mole.md, before:

---
Alias: [Moles]
Creation Date: Sun June 19th 2022 06:20:34 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- Definition
	- Basic counting unit used in all sciences.
	- The standard unit of measure across all others.
- Notes
	- Useful because we want to keep track of the number of [[Atom|Atoms]] in a reaction not the mass, as grams would measure it. 
	- Quantifying a [[Mole]]
		- There are [[Avogadro's Number]] of [[Atom|Atoms]] a [[Mole]]
		- The mass of a [[Mole]] is called the [[Molar Mass]] and different for each [[Element]]. It can be found on the [[Periodic Table]].
- Conversions
	- To convert from [[Mole|Moles]] to other units we commonly use [[Avogadro's Number]] or [[Molar Mass]] as a [[Conversion Factor]].
	  > [!Example]
	  > **What is the mass of 2.65 mole sample of copper?**
	  > Copper has a molar mass of $63.546grams$, therefor:
	  > $$2.65moleCu*\frac{36.546gramsCu}{1moleCu}=168gramsCu$$
	  > 
	  > **How many moles of aluminum do $4.90*10^{22}$ aluminum atoms represent?**
	  > $$4.90*10^{22}atomsAl*\frac{1moleAl}{6.02*10^{23}atomsAl}=8.14*10^{-2}molesAl$$

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-06-19 23:02:18
Affected files:
.obsidian/graph.json
.obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Permanent/Chemical Formula.md
Vault/Permanent/Ion.md
Vault/Permanent/Mole.md

Vault/Permanent/Mole.md, after:

---
Alias: [Moles]
Creation Date: Sun June 19th 2022 06:20:34 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- Definition
	- Basic counting unit used in all sciences. The standard unit of measure across all others.
	- Was created to represent [[Avogadro's Number]] of something. 
		- One [[Mole]] of an [[Atom]] is [[Avogadro's Number]] of [[Atom|Atoms]]. 
		- One [[Mole]] of marbles is [[Avogadro's Number]] of marbles.
- Notes
	- Useful because we want to keep track of the number of [[Atom|Atoms]] in a reaction not the mass, as grams would measure it. 
	- Quantifying a [[Mole]]
		- There are [[Avogadro's Number]] of [[Atom|Atoms]] a [[Mole]]
		- The mass of a [[Mole]] is called the [[Molar Mass]] and different for each [[Element]]. It can be found on the [[Periodic Table]].
- Conversions
	- To convert from [[Mole|Moles]] to other units we commonly use [[Avogadro's Number]] or [[Molar Mass]] as a [[Conversion Factor]].
	  > [!Example]
	  > **What is the mass of 2.65 mole sample of copper?**
	  > Copper has a molar mass of $63.546grams$, therefor:
	  > $$2.65moleCu*\frac{36.546gramsCu}{1moleCu}=168gramsCu$$
	  > 
	  > **How many moles of aluminum do $4.90*10^{22}$ aluminum atoms represent?**
	  > $$4.90*10^{22}atomsAl*\frac{1moleAl}{6.02*10^{23}atomsAl}=8.14*10^{-2}molesAl$$
