Vault/Permanent/Periodic Table.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sun June 19th 2022 04:54:35 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- Definition
	- [[Periodic Table Image.png|Chart]] of [[Element|Elements]]
	  ![[Periodic Table Image.png]]
- Notes
	- Arranged by the number of [[Subatomic Particles]] in their [[Atom|Atoms]] and by their properties. 
- Groups vs Periods
	- Periods are rows, there are 7 periods.
	- Groups are columns, there are 18 groups.
- [[Metal|Metals]] vs [[Non-Metal|Non-Metals]]
	- [[Metal|Metals]] are generally on the left $2/3$s of the table.
	- [[Metalloid|Metalloids]] are on a diagonal line running from approximately B to At.
	- [[Non-Metal|Non-Metals]] are on the other side of the line.
- Periodic Table Entry
	- ![[Periodic Table Entry Screenshot.png]]
	- The symbol in the middle identifies the [[Element]].
	- The [[Atomic Number]] tells you how many [[Proton|Protons]] there are in an [[Atom]] of a given [[Element]].
	- The [[Molar Mass]] or [[Molar Mass|Average Atomic Mass]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-08-28 12:47:50
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Permanent/Mass Number.md
Vault/Permanent/Periodic Table.md

Vault/Permanent/Periodic Table.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sun June 19th 2022 04:54:35 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- [[Periodic Table Image.png|Chart]] of [[Element|Elements]]
	  ![[Periodic Table Image.png]]
- Notes
	- Arranged by the number of [[Subatomic Particles]] in their [[Atom|Atoms]] and by their properties. 
- Groups vs Periods
	- Periods are rows, there are 7 periods.
	- Groups are columns, there are 18 groups.
- [[Metal|Metals]] vs [[Non-Metal|Non-Metals]]
	- [[Metal|Metals]] are generally on the left $2/3$s of the table.
	- [[Metalloid|Metalloids]] are on a diagonal line running from approximately B to At.
	- [[Non-Metal|Non-Metals]] are on the other side of the line.
- Periodic Table Entry
	- ![[Periodic Table Entry Screenshot.png]]
	- The symbol in the middle identifies the [[Element]].
	- The [[Atomic Number]] tells you how many [[Proton|Protons]] there are in an [[Atom]] of a given [[Element]].
	- The [[Molar Mass]] or [[Molar Mass|Average Atomic Mass]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Mass Number]] deals with information directly from this table.
