Vault/Bohr's Model.md, before:

---
Alias: [Energy Levels of an Atom]
Creation Date: Sat September 3rd 2022 07:15:25 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- ![[Drawing 2022-09-03 19.15.45.excalidraw|400]]
	- The same as the [[Rutherford's Model]] but with **6** defined **energy levels** that the [[Electron|Electrons]] must orbit on. 
	- Significant because it showed that [[Electron|Electrons]] move in quantized[^1] [[Energy]] transitions.
- ## Interactions
	- [[Electron|Electrons]] can jump from level to level and when they do they emit [[Energy]] in the form of [[Spectrum of Light|Light]] at a specific [[Frequency]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{E_{transition}=hR(\frac{1}{n^2_{lo}}-\frac{1}{n^2_{hi}})}$$
		  > 
		  > $E$ = [[Energy]] (J)
	      > $h$ = [[Planck's Equation]] = $6.626e-34$ ($Js$).
		  > $R$ = [[Rydberg's Constant]] = $3.29e15$ ($s^{-1}$)
	      > $n_{lo}$ = [[Bohr's Model|Energy Levels of an Atom]] (integer) that is the lowest.
	      > $n_{hi}$ = [[Bohr's Model|Energy Levels of an Atom]] (integer) that is the highest.
	      
	      Derived from [[Planck's Equation]] and from [[Rydberg's Equation]]:
			![[Planck's Equation#^0cca3d]]
			![[Rydberg's Equation#^cc69a2]]
	- The [[Energy]] of an [[Electron]] any orbit around a [[Nucleus]] will have negative [[Energy]] compared an [[Electron]] that is not in orbit.
- ## Experiment
	- [[Hydrogen Atom Line Spectra]]
- ## Reference
	- A current model of the [[Atom]].
	  > [!Warning]
	  > This model only holds true for the [[Element]] Hydrogen and other [[Ion|Ions]] that have only one [[Electron]].

[^1]: To be able to put numerical values to something.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-04 12:49:37
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Bohr's Model.md
Vault/Planck's Equation.md

Vault/Bohr's Model.md, after:

---
Alias: [Energy Levels of an Atom]
Creation Date: Sat September 3rd 2022 07:15:25 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- ![[Drawing 2022-09-03 19.15.45.excalidraw|400]]
	- The same as the [[Rutherford's Model]] but with **6** defined **energy levels** that the [[Electron|Electrons]] must orbit on. 
	- Significant because it showed that [[Electron|Electrons]] move in quantized[^1] [[Energy]] transitions.
- ## Interactions
	- [[Electron|Electrons]] can jump from level to level and when they do they emit [[Energy]] in the form of [[Spectrum of Light|Light]] at a specific [[Frequency]].
		- > [!Equation]
		  > $$\large{E_{transition}=hR(\frac{1}{n^2_{lo}}-\frac{1}{n^2_{hi}})}$$
		  > 
		  > $E$ = [[Energy]] (J)
	      > $h$ = [[Planck's Equation]] = $6.626e-34$ ($Js$).
		  > $R$ = [[Rydberg's Constant]] = $3.29e15$ ($s^{-1}$)
	      > $n_{lo}$ = [[Bohr's Model|Energy Levels of an Atom]] (integer) that is the lowest.
	      > $n_{hi}$ = [[Bohr's Model|Energy Levels of an Atom]] (integer) that is the highest.
	      
	      Derived from [[Planck's Equation]] and from [[Rydberg's Equation]]:
			![[Planck's Equation#^0cca3d]]
			![[Rydberg's Equation#^cc69a2]]
	- Each [[Bohr's Model|Energy Levels of an Atom]] has a measurable [[Energy]] given by this equation.
		- > [!Equation]
		   > $$E_{level}=\frac{-Z^2hR}{n^2}$$
		   > 
		   > $E_{level}$ = [[Bohr's Model|Energy Levels of an Atom]]
		   > $Z$ = [[Atomic Number]]
		   > $R$ = [[Rydberg's Constant]] = $3.29e15$ ($s^{-1}$)
		   > $h$ = [[Planck's Constant]] = $6.626e-34$ ($Js$)
		   > 
		   > Note: The [[Energy]] is negative because [[Energy]] decreases as a [[Proton]] and [[Electron]] approach one another.
		- The [[Energy]] of an [[Electron]] any orbit around a [[Nucleus]] will have negative [[Energy]] compared an [[Electron]] that is not in orbit.
- ## Experiment
	- [[Hydrogen Atom Line Spectra]]
- ## Reference
	- A current model of the [[Atom]].
	  > [!Warning]
	  > This model only holds true for the [[Element]] Hydrogen and other [[Ion|Ions]] that have only one [[Electron]].

[^1]: To be able to put numerical values to something.
