Vault/Bond Order.md, before:

---
Alias: [Bonding Order]
Creation Date: Sun September 25th 2022 06:56:08 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The number of **bonds** between two of the **same** [[Atom|Atoms]]. 
	- ![[IMG_E08442AA9115-1.jpeg]]
	- A higher [[Bond Order]] means:
		- > [!Warning]
		> Exception for the bonds in [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]], explained below.
		- The closer the [[Atom|Atoms]] / Shorter the **bond**.
		- The stronger the **bond**.
		- The higher the **bond** energy.
- ## [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]]
	- Is instead calculated by:
		> [!Equation]
		> $$BO=\frac{B}{BR}$$
		> 
		> $BO$ = Bonding Order
		> $B$ = Number of bonds between the central atom of the [[Resonance Structure]] and the surrounding ones.
		> $BR$ = [[Bond Region|Bonding Regions]].
	- ![[IMG_7A95104273AF-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Reference
	- Counts bonds in a [[Lewis Dot Structure]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-28 16:31:44
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Bond Order.md
Vault/Resonance Structure.md

Vault/Bond Order.md, after:

---
Alias: [Bonding Order]
Creation Date: Sun September 25th 2022 06:56:08 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The number of **bonds** between two of the **same** [[Atom|Atoms]]. 
	- ![[IMG_E08442AA9115-1.jpeg]]
	- A higher [[Bond Order]] means:
		- > [!Warning]
		> Exception for the bonds in [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]], explained below.
		- The closer the [[Atom|Atoms]] / Shorter the **bond**.
		- The stronger the **bond**.
		- The higher the **bond** energy.
- ## [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]]
	- Is instead calculated by:
		> [!Equation]
		> $$BO=\frac{B}{BR}$$
		> 
		> $BO$ = Bonding Order
		> $B$ = Number of bonds between the central atom of the [[Resonance Structure]] and the surrounding ones.
		> $BR$ = [[Bond Region|Bonding Regions]].
	- ![[IMG_7A95104273AF-1.jpeg|400]]
	- Despite the individual number of **bonds** between the atoms of the [[Resonance Structure]], the length and other characteristics will remain the same.
- ## Reference
	- Counts bonds in a [[Lewis Dot Structure]].
