Vault/Calculus Final Review.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sun December 4th 2022 06:08:18 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Calculus]]

| Status | Subject                   |
| ------ | ------------------------- |
| Ok     | Domain and Range          |
| Good   | Functions                 |
| Good   | Increasing and Decreasing |
| Good   | Asymptotes                |
| Ok     | Logs                      |
|        |                           |

- ### Domain and Range
	- [[Domain]] and [[Range]]
	- The function is undefined anywhere the denominator is equal to 0 or if there is the even root of a negative number.
- ### Functions
	- [[Function]]
	- $(f\circ g)(x)=f(g(x))$
	- [[One to One]] means a function where each y value points to a **unique** x value.
- ### Increasing and Decreasing
	- Determined by the derivative of a function. If the derivative is positive then the function is increasing and if it is negative then the function is decreasing.
- ### Asymptotes
	- [[Asymptote]]
	- Can find the vertical ones by setting the  to 0 and solving for its roots.
	- Can find the horizontal ones by looking at the largest exponent, more in the [[Asymptote|Asymptotes]] note.
- ### Logs
	- [[Logarithm]]
	- [[log]]
	- Form|Equation
		  ---|---
		  [[Logarithm]] form|$y=log_{a}(x)$
		  [[Exponential]] form|$x=a^y$
-

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-12-04 18:39:10
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Vault/Calculus Final Review.md

Vault/Calculus Final Review.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Sun December 4th 2022 06:08:18 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Calculus]]

| Status | Subject                   |
| ------ | ------------------------- |
| Ok     | Domain and Range          |
| Good   | Functions                 |
| Good   | Increasing and Decreasing |
| Good   | Asymptotes                |
| Ok     | Logs                      |
| Bad    | Parametric Curves         |
| Bad    | Conic Sections            |
|        |                           |

- ### Domain and Range
	- [[Domain]] and [[Range]]
	- The function is undefined anywhere the denominator is equal to 0 or if there is the even root of a negative number.
- ### Functions
	- [[Function]]
	- $(f\circ g)(x)=f(g(x))$
	- [[One to One]] means a function where each y value points to a **unique** x value.
- ### Increasing and Decreasing
	- Determined by the derivative of a function. If the derivative is positive then the function is increasing and if it is negative then the function is decreasing.
- ### Asymptotes
	- [[Asymptote]]
	- Can find the vertical ones by setting the  to 0 and solving for its roots.
	- Can find the horizontal ones by looking at the largest exponent, more in the [[Asymptote|Asymptotes]] note.
- ### Logs
	- [[Logarithm]]
	- Form|Equation
		  ---|---
		  [[Logarithm]] form|$y=log_{a}(x)$
		  [[Exponential]] form|$x=a^y$
	- Review the Laws of Logs in the [[Logarithm]] note.
- ### Parametric Curves
	- [[Parametric Curve]]
	- A function defined by two functions. One is a function that gives an x coord in terms of a third variable and the second is a function that gives the y coord in terms of that third variable. The result is a function that "draws" itself as you increase that third variable.
- ### Conic Sections
	- [[Conic Section]]
