Vault/Continuity.md, before:

---
Alias: [Continuous]
Creation Date: Mon August 29th 2022 12:09:58 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Calculus]]

- ## Definition
	- A [[Function]] is a [[Continuity|Continuous]] for its [[Domain]] if it can be sketched without the need to left your pencil.
	- If the [[Limit|Right Hand Limit]], [[Limit|Left Hand Limit]], and function itself are defined at an $x$ then the function is continuous at that $x$.
- ## Continuous functions
	- If the function is one of the following
	  
	  Function|Equation
	  ---|---
	  Polynomial|$ax^3+bx+c$
	  Rational|$\frac{1}{x}$
	  Exponential|$a^x$
	  Root|$\sqrt{x}$
	  Log|$log(x)$
	  Tragicomic|$sin,cos,tan,etc$
	  
	  and $x_0$ is on 
	  
- ## Types of Discontinuity
	- Jump Discontinuity
		- ![[Drawing 2022-08-29 12.21.29.excalidraw|200]]
	- Removable Discontinuity
		- Also known as a **hole** in the graph
		- ![[Drawing 2022-08-29 12.22.47.excalidraw|200]]
	- Infinite Discontinuity
		- ![[Drawing 2022-08-29 12.24.09.excalidraw|200]]
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-08-29 12.26.58.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-08 09:34:18
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Continuity.md
Vault/Limit.md

Vault/Continuity.md, after:

---
Alias: [Continuous]
Creation Date: Mon August 29th 2022 12:09:58 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Calculus]]

- ## Definition
	- A [[Function]] is a [[Continuity|Continuous]] for its [[Domain]] if it can be sketched without the need to left your pencil.
	- If the [[Limit|Right Hand Limit]], [[Limit|Left Hand Limit]], and function itself are defined at an $x$ then the function is continuous at that $x$.
- ## Continuous functions
	- If the function is one of the following
	  
	  Function|Equation
	  ---|---
	  Polynomial|$ax^3+bx+c$
	  Rational|$\frac{1}{x}$
	  Exponential|$a^x$
	  Root|$\sqrt{x}$
	  Log|$log(x)$
	  Tragicomic|$sin,cos,tan,etc$
	  
	  then it is **[[Continuity|Continuous]] on its [[Domain]]**. 
	  
- ## Types of Discontinuity
	- Jump Discontinuity
		- ![[Drawing 2022-08-29 12.21.29.excalidraw|200]]
	- Removable Discontinuity
		- Also known as a **hole** in the graph
		- ![[Drawing 2022-08-29 12.22.47.excalidraw|200]]
	- Infinite Discontinuity
		- ![[Drawing 2022-08-29 12.24.09.excalidraw|200]]
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-08-29 12.26.58.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
