Vault/Coulomb's Law of Energy.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed August 31st 2022 11:11:31 am 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- Derived from [[Coulomb's Law of Force]]. States that the electric force of one charge on another depends on the magnitude of the [[Charge|Charges]] and the distance between them.
	  > [!How to derive]
	  > [[Coulomb's Law of Force]]:
	  > $\large{F=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr^2}}$
	  > 
	  > [[Energy]]:
	  > $E=rF$
	  > 
	  > Therefore:
	  > $\large{r*F=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr}}$ (Multiply by $r$)
	  > $\large{E=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr}}$ (Substitute in [[Energy]])
	  
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{E=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr}}$$
	  > $E$ = [[Energy]]
	  > $k$ = [[Coulomb's Constant]] = ($8.9875e9\frac{Nm^2}{C^2}$)
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] (Coulombs)
	  > $Ɛ$ = [[Dielectric Constant]]
	  > $r$ = Distance
	- Same as [[Coulomb's Law of Force]], the more **negative the [[Energy]], the more attractive**, and **the more positive, the more repulsive**.
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-04 14.37.27.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Derived from [[Coulomb's Law of Force]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-12 11:37:16
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Coulomb's Law of Energy.md

Vault/Coulomb's Law of Energy.md, after:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Wed August 31st 2022 11:11:31 am 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- Derived from [[Coulomb's Law of Force]]. States that the electric force of one charge on another depends on the magnitude of the [[Charge|Charges]] and the distance between them.
	  > [!How to derive]
	  > [[Coulomb's Law of Force]]:
	  > $\large{F=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr^2}}$
	  > 
	  > [[Energy]]:
	  > $E=rF$
	  > 
	  > Therefore:
	  > $\large{r*F=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr}}$ (Multiply by $r$)
	  > $\large{E=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr}}$ (Substitute in [[Energy]])
	  
	  > [!Warning]
	  > I have no clue why or how radius multiplied by force gives energy, be careful interpreting information from that process.
	  
	  > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{E=\frac{kq_1q_2}{Ɛr}}$$
	  > $E$ = [[Energy]]
	  > $k$ = [[Coulomb's Constant]] = ($8.9875e9\frac{Nm^2}{C^2}$)
	  > $q$ = [[Charge]] (Coulombs)
	  > $Ɛ$ = [[Dielectric Constant]]
	  > $r$ = Distance
	  > 
	- Same as [[Coulomb's Law of Force]], the more **negative the [[Energy]], the more attractive**, and **the more positive, the more repulsive**.
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-04 14.37.27.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Derived from [[Coulomb's Law of Force]].
