Vault/Ion.md, before:

---
Alias: [Ions, Cation, Cations, Anion, Anions]
Creation Date: Sat June 18th 2022 12:51:41 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- **[[Ion|Ions]] are always [[Charge|charged]], never neutral**
		- The number of [[Proton|Protons]] in an [[Ion]] is constant, however [[Electron|Electrons]] can be added or removed. Given the [[Element]] and charge you can determine the number of [[Electron|Electrons]] the [[Ion]] has
		  > [!Example]
		  > $$Cl^{1-}$$
		  > Cl is element #17 so it will have 17 [[Proton|Protons]], to give it a charge of $-1$ it will have to have 18 [[Electron|Electrons]].
	- An [[Ion|Ions]] charge always appears as subscript to its [[Ion]]. Ex $Fe^{3+}$, $Cl^{1-}$, $NH_4^{1+}$, $SO_4^{2-}$.
- ## [[Ion|Cation]] vs [[Ion|Anion]]
	- If it is neutral it is an [[Atom]].
	- Positively charged [[Ion|Ions]] are [[Ion|Cations]].
	- Negatively charged [[Ion|Ions]] are [[Ion|Anions]]. 
- ## Electron Configuration of Cation
	- When a [[Ion|Cation]] uses its [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] it gives up its [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] in this order.
		- [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] with the highest [[Principle Quantum Number]].
		- [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] with the highest [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]].
- ## [[Isotope]] vs [[Ion]]
	- ![[Isotope#^2b6aa8]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Monoatomic Ion]] is a type of [[Ion]].
	- [[Polyatomic Ions]] is a type of [[Ion]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-16 16:46:34
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
References/IMG_293B2C503BEA-1.jpeg
References/IMG_A2F82C1017C8-1.jpeg
References/IMG_C8D9867731FD-1.jpeg
Vault/Ion.md
Vault/Isoelectronic Ion.md

Vault/Ion.md, after:

---
Alias: [Ions, Cation, Cations, Anion, Anions]
Creation Date: Sat June 18th 2022 12:51:41 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- **[[Ion|Ions]] are always [[Charge|charged]], never neutral**
		- The number of [[Proton|Protons]] in an [[Ion]] is constant, however [[Electron|Electrons]] can be added or removed. Given the [[Element]] and charge you can determine the number of [[Electron|Electrons]] the [[Ion]] has
		  > [!Example]
		  > $$Cl^{1-}$$
		  > Cl is element #17 so it will have 17 [[Proton|Protons]], to give it a charge of $-1$ it will have to have 18 [[Electron|Electrons]].
	- An [[Ion|Ions]] charge always appears as subscript to its [[Ion]]. Ex $Fe^{3+}$, $Cl^{1-}$, $NH_4^{1+}$, $SO_4^{2-}$.
- ## [[Ion|Cation]] vs [[Ion|Anion]]
	- If it is neutral it is an [[Atom]].
	- Positively charged [[Ion|Ions]] are [[Ion|Cations]].
	- Negatively charged [[Ion|Ions]] are [[Ion|Anions]]. 
- ## Electron Configuration of Cation
	- When a [[Ion|Cation]] uses its [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] it gives up its [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] in this order.
		- [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] with the highest $n$ ([[Principle Quantum Number]]).
		- [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] with the highest $\ell$ ([[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number]]).
		- > [!Note]
		  > Generally this means that [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] are generally removed in the order of $p$, $s$, then $d$.
		  > 
		  > This is because $p$ and $s$ normally have a higher [[Principle Quantum Number]] and so they go first and then the [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevels]] with a lower [[Principle Quantum Number]].
	- ![[IMG_A2F82C1017C8-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Electron Configuration of Anion
	- When a [[Ion|Anion]] uses its [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] it gains [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] in the same order that they are filled in normally.
	- Same as described in [[Electron Orbital Configuration|Electron Configuration]].
	- ![[IMG_C8D9867731FD-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## [[Isotope]] vs [[Ion]]
	- ![[Isotope#^2b6aa8]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Monoatomic Ion]] is a type of [[Ion]].
	- [[Polyatomic Ions]] is a type of [[Ion]].
