Vault/Ionic Compound.md, before:

---
Alias: [Ionic Compounds]
Creation Date: Sat June 18th 2022 01:03:23 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]] [[Compound]]

- ## Definition
	- A [[Compound]] between a [[Metal]] and a [[Non-Metal]]. The [[Atoms]] form an [[Ionic Bond]] as the [[Metal]] **gives away** its [[Electron|Electrons]] with the [[Non-Metal]].
		- [[Ionic Compound#^ed6c41|This is the reason that the atoms stick together]].
	  >[!Memory Aid]
	  >Its Ironic that Metals and Non-Metals get together.
- ## Effects of the [[Ionic Bond]]
	- The [[Metal|Metals]] become [[Ion|Cations]] as they give up [[Electron|Electrons]].
		- They also get **smaller**.
	- The [[Non-Metal|Non-Metals]] before [[Ion|Anions]] as they gain [[Electron|Electrons]].
		- They get **larger**.
	- The [[Metal|Metals]] and [[Non-Metal|Non-Metals]] become attracted to each other because of the difference in their charges (one negative and one positive). ^ed6c41
- ## Names
	- To find the name for an [[Ionic Compound]] you need to first predict the ratio in which the [[Atom|Atoms]] in the [[Ionic Compound]] will combine in.
		1. Determine the [[Charge]] on each of the [[Ion|Ions]]
		2. Predict the ratio in which they will combine
		3. The names are simply combinations of the individual [[Ion|Ions]]
	- > [!Example]
	    > Write the formula and name of the compound made from calcium and nitrogen.
	    > 1. Calcium is in Group 2, so its [[Ion|Cation]] will have a 2+ charge
	    > 2. Nitrogen is in group 15, so its [[Ion|Anion]] will have a 3- charge
	    > 3. We can determine that the ratio of Calcium to Nitrogen to make the charges cancel out will be three Calcium for a charge of 6+ and two Nitrogen for a charge of 6-. Together they have a charge of 0.
	    > 4. The final formula is $Ca_3N_2$ and the name is Calcium Nitride
- ## Other Notes
	- [[Compound|Compounds]] made from [[Monoatomic Ion|Monoatomic Ions]] are often referred to as [[Binary Compound|Binary Compounds]]
	  > [!Warning]
	  > [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Compounds]] **DO NOT FORM** [[Molecule|Molecules]], they are instead referred to as "Formula Units".
- ## Reference
	- The **Effects of the [[Ionic Bond]]** change the [[Charge]] of the atoms in it.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-22 17:59:39
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Ionic vs Covalent Bonds.md
References/IMG_0A22F70EEFAB-1.jpeg
Vault/Covalent Compound.md
Vault/Ionic Compound.md
Vault/Lewis Symbol.md

Vault/Ionic Compound.md, after:

---
Alias: [Ionic Compounds, Ionic Bond]
Creation Date: Sat June 18th 2022 01:03:23 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]] [[Compound]]

- ## Definition
	- A bond where one [[Element]] "steals" the [[Electron|Electrons]] of another [[Element]].
		- This is because one [[Element]] has a high [[Electronegativity]] and one has a low [[Electronegativity]]. The [[Element]] with high [[Electronegativity]] "steals" the [[Electron|Electrons]] of the other [[Element]].
		- Generally between a [[Metal]] and [[Non-Metal]].
- ## Effects of the [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Bond]]
	- The [[Metal|Metals]] become [[Ion|Cations]] as they give up [[Electron|Electrons]].
		- They also get **smaller**.
	- The [[Non-Metal|Non-Metals]] before [[Ion|Anions]] as they gain [[Electron|Electrons]].
		- They get **larger**.
	- The [[Metal|Metals]] and [[Non-Metal|Non-Metals]] become attracted to each other because of the difference in their charges (one negative and one positive). ^ed6c41
- ## Finding the [[Chemical Formula]]
	- To find the [[Chemical Formula]] for an [[Ionic Compound]] you need to first predict the ratio in which the [[Atom|Atoms]] in the [[Ionic Compound]] will combine in.
		1. Determine the [[Charge]] on each of the [[Ion|Ions]]
		2. Predict the ratio in which they will combine
		3. The names are simply combinations of the individual [[Ion|Ions]]
	- > [!Example]
	    > Write the formula and name of the compound made from calcium and nitrogen.
	    > 1. Calcium is in Group 2, so its [[Ion|Cation]] will have a 2+ charge
	    > 2. Nitrogen is in group 15, so its [[Ion|Anion]] will have a 3- charge
	    > 3. We can determine that the ratio of Calcium to Nitrogen to make the charges cancel out will be three Calcium for a charge of 6+ and two Nitrogen for a charge of 6-. Together they have a charge of 0.
	    > 4. The final formula is $Ca_3N_2$ and the name is Calcium Nitride
- ## Other Notes
	- [[Compound|Compounds]] made from [[Monoatomic Ion|Monoatomic Ions]] are often referred to as [[Binary Compound|Binary Compounds]]
	  > [!Warning]
	  > [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Compounds]] **DO NOT FORM** [[Molecule|Molecules]], they are instead referred to as "Formula Units".
- ## Reference
	- Opposite of [[Covalent Compound|Covalent Bond]].
	- The effects of the [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Bond]] change the [[Oxidation State]] of the [[Element|Elements]] in it.
