Vault/Lewis Dot Structure.md, before:

---
Alias: [Lewis Dot Symbol]
Creation Date: Thu September 22nd 2022 05:47:08 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition ^935dc7
	- A method of drawing compounds that shows how its [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] combine to form a **octet** for each [[Element]].
		- Except for Hydrogen, which only needs two [[Electron|Electrons]] to reach a stable state.
	- Two [[Electron|Electrons]] shared between two [[Element|Elements]] is represented by a dash.
		- ![[IMG_0A22F70EEFAB-1.jpeg|400]]
	- > [!Warning]
	  > Never use this to represent an [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Bond]]
- ## Determining the Structure
	1. Find the number of [[Valence Electrons]] required for each [[Atom]] needs to have an **octet**.
	   - > [!Equation]
	   > $$e^-required=2H+8E$$
	   > $e^-required$ = [[Valence Electron]] required
	   > $H$ = Number of **Hydrogen** atoms in the [[Compound]]
	   > $E$ = Number of other [[Element|Elements]] in the [[Compound]]
	2. Find how many [[Valence Electron]] you have currently have.
		- Add the [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] of each [[Atom]].
	3. Find the number of [[Valence Electron]] pairs and the number of lone [[Valence Electron]] pairs.
		- > [!Equation]
	   > $$e^-pairs=\large{\frac{e^-required-e^-}{2}}$$
	   > $e^-pairs$ = [[Valence Electron]] pairs
	   > $e^-required$ = [[Electron|Electrons]] required.
	   > $e^-$ = [[Electron|Electrons]] we currently have.
		- > [!Equation]
	   > $$e^-lonepairs=\large{\frac{e^--2e^-pairs}{2}}$$
	   > $e^-lonepairs$ = [[Valence Electron]] lone pairs
	   > $e^-$ = [[Electron|Electrons]] we currently have.
	   > $e^-pairs$ = [[Valence Electron]] pairs.
	4. Write the [[Atom|Atoms]] on paper, the first [[Element]] listed is generally the central [[Element]].
	5. Connect the electrons in such a way that each [[Atom]] has access to an **octet** or in **Hydrogen's** case, access to a **doublet** .
	6. Write the [[Formal Charge]] for each [[Atom]] if it has one.
		- Simply the number of number of [[Proton|Protons]] in the [[Element]] minus the number of [[Electron|Electrons]] the [[Atom]] has possession of in the structure.
- ## Reference
	- Used to draw [[Covalent Compound|Covalent Bonds]].
	- [[Bond Order]]

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-25 22:26:49
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Formal Charge.md
Vault/Lewis Dot Structure.md
Vault/Oxidation State.md

Vault/Lewis Dot Structure.md, after:

---
Alias: [Lewis Dot Symbol]
Creation Date: Thu September 22nd 2022 05:47:08 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition ^935dc7
	- A method of drawing compounds that shows how its [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] combine to form a **octet** for each [[Element]].
		- Except for Hydrogen, which only needs two [[Electron|Electrons]] to reach a stable state.
	- Two [[Electron|Electrons]] shared between two [[Element|Elements]] is represented by a dash.
		- ![[IMG_0A22F70EEFAB-1.jpeg|400]]
	- > [!Warning]
	  > Never use this to represent an [[Ionic Compound|Ionic Bond]]
- ## Determining the Structure
	1. Find the number of [[Valence Electrons]] required for each [[Atom]] needs to have an **octet**.
	   - > [!Equation]
	   > $$e^-required=2H+8E$$
	   > $e^-required$ = [[Valence Electron]] required
	   > $H$ = Number of **Hydrogen** atoms in the [[Compound]]
	   > $E$ = Number of other [[Element|Elements]] in the [[Compound]]
	2. Find how many [[Valence Electron]] you have currently have.
		- Add the [[Valence Electron|Valence Electrons]] of each [[Atom]].
	3. Find the number of [[Valence Electron]] pairs and the number of lone [[Valence Electron]] pairs.
		- > [!Equation]
	   > $$e^-pairs=\large{\frac{e^-required-e^-}{2}}$$
	   > $e^-pairs$ = [[Valence Electron]] pairs
	   > $e^-required$ = [[Electron|Electrons]] required.
	   > $e^-$ = [[Electron|Electrons]] we currently have.
		- > [!Equation]
	   > $$e^-lonepairs=\large{\frac{e^--2e^-pairs}{2}}$$
	   > $e^-lonepairs$ = [[Valence Electron]] lone pairs
	   > $e^-$ = [[Electron|Electrons]] we currently have.
	   > $e^-pairs$ = [[Valence Electron]] pairs.
	4. Write the [[Atom|Atoms]] on paper, the first [[Element]] listed is generally the central [[Element]].
	5. Connect the electrons in such a way that each [[Atom]] has access to an **octet** or in **Hydrogen's** case, access to a **doublet** .
	6. Write the [[Formal Charge]] for each [[Atom]] if it has one.
		- Simply the number of number of [[Proton|Protons]] in the [[Element]] minus the number of [[Electron|Electrons]] the [[Atom]] has possession of in the structure.
- ## Reference
	- Used to draw [[Covalent Compound|Covalent Bonds]].
	- [[Formal Charge]] and [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] can be determined from a [[Lewis Dot Structure]].
	- [[Bond Order]].
