Vault/Molecular Shape.md, before:

---
Alias: [Molecular Shapes]
Creation Date: Mon September 26th 2022 11:02:15 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The shape that a molecular compound takes.
		- The name depends on the [[Bond Region|Bonding Regions]].
		- The angles between [[Bond Region|Bonding Regions]] depend on the [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]].
	- ![[IMG_6FBA472381DE-1.jpeg]]
- ## Shapes
	- #### Linear
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 2
		- Angle = $180^{\circ}$
		- 2 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]].
	- #### Trigonal Planar
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 3
		- Angle = $120^{\circ}$
		- 3 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]].
	- #### Bent
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 3
		- Angle = $<120^{\circ}$
		- 2 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]], but repulsed by a **lone pair** of electrons occupying a third [[Electron Region]].
	- #### Tetrahedral
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 4
		- Angle = $109^{\circ}$
		- 4 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]].
		- Two of the bonds are on the same plan
	- #### Trigonal Pyramidal
- ## Reference
	- Depends heavily on [[Bond Region|Bond Regions]] and [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-27 00:02:07
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
References/IMG_0EF2DA830352-1.jpeg
References/IMG_6571DD5D5FDC-1.jpeg
References/IMG_90149D4538F8-1.jpeg
Vault/Molecular Shape.md

Vault/Molecular Shape.md, after:

---
Alias: [Molecular Shapes]
Creation Date: Mon September 26th 2022 11:02:15 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The shape that a molecular compound takes.
		- The name depends on the [[Bond Region|Bonding Regions]].
		- The angles between [[Bond Region|Bonding Regions]] depend on the [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]].
	- ![[IMG_6FBA472381DE-1.jpeg]]
- ## Shapes
	- #### Linear
		- ![[IMG_6571DD5D5FDC-1.jpeg|200]]
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 2
		- Angle = $180^{\circ}$
		- 2 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]].
		- 2d plane.
	- #### Trigonal Planar
		- ![[IMG_90149D4538F8-1.jpeg|200]]
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 3
		- Angle = $120^{\circ}$
		- 3 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]].
		- 2d plane.
	- #### Bent
		- 
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 3
		- Angle = $<120^{\circ}$
		- 2 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]], but repulsed by a **lone pair** of electrons occupying a third [[Electron Region]].
		- 2d plane
	- #### Tetrahedral
		- 
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 4
		- Angle = $109^{\circ}$
		- 4 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]].
		- 2 of the bonds are on the same plane, and the last 2 are facing towards or away from you.
	- #### Trigonal Pyramidal
		- ![[IMG_0EF2DA830352-1.jpeg|200]]
		- [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]] = 4
		- Angle = $<109^{\circ}$
		- 3 [[Atom|Atoms]] about a central [[Atom]].
		- 1 of the bonds are on the same plane, and the last 2 are facing towards or away from you.
- ## Reference
	- Depends heavily on [[Bond Region|Bond Regions]] and [[Electron Region|Electron Regions]].
