Vault/Oxidation State.md, before:

---
Alias: [Oxidation States, Oxidation Number]
Creation Date: Fri September 16th 2022 05:01:21 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The hypothetical [[Charge]] of an [[Atom]] if all of its bonds to different atoms were [[Ionic Bond]].
	- In general a main group [[Element|Element's]] [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] will range from: **the group of the [[Element]] to the group of the [[Element]] minus 8**.
		- > [!Example]-
		> $Cl$ is in group $7A$:
		> 
		> Therefore its [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] can range from:
		> $7$ to $-1$
- In general a transition [[Element|Element's]] [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] will be $2+$.
	- Due to a loss of two [[Electron|Electrons]] in its $s$ [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
- ## The Oxidation Rules
	- #### Rule 1 (The Elemental Rule)
		- The [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of atoms in their **Elemental Form** is $0$.
			- Example: $Fe$, $S_8$, $O_2$
	- #### Rule 2 (The Fluorine Rule)
		- $F$ or Fluorine is always assigned an [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of $-1$ due to its high [[Electronegativity|Electronegativity]].
			- Except if **Rule 1 applies**.
	- #### Rule 3 (The Group Rule)
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of **Group 1A** is always $+1$.
			- > [!Warning]
			> This excludes Hydrogen because of the Hydrogen Rule.
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of **Group 2A** is always $+2$.
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of **$Al$** is always $+3$.
	- #### Rule 4 (The Hydrogen Rule)
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of $H$ or **Hydrogen** is:
			- $+1$ if bonded to a [[Non-Metal]].
			- $-1$ if bonded to  [[Metal]].
			- $0$ if bonded to another **Hydrogen** atom.
	- #### Rule 5 (The Oxygen Rule)
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of $O$ or **Oxygen** is $-2$.
	- #### Rule 6 (The Halogens Rule)
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of all [[Halogens]] is $-1$.
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-17 17.13.32.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Charge]] applies to [[Molecule|Molecules]] and [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] applies to [[Element|Elements]].
	- Needed in [[Predicting Chemical Formulas]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-25 22:26:49
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Vault/Formal Charge.md
Vault/Lewis Dot Structure.md
Vault/Oxidation State.md

Vault/Oxidation State.md, after:

---
Alias: [Oxidation States, Oxidation Number]
Creation Date: Fri September 16th 2022 05:01:21 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The hypothetical [[Charge]] of an [[Atom]] if all of its bonds to different atoms were [[Ionic Bond]].
	- In general a main group [[Element|Element's]] [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] will range from: **the group of the [[Element]] to the group of the [[Element]] minus 8**.
		- > [!Example]-
		> $Cl$ is in group $7A$:
		> 
		> Therefore its [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] can range from:
		> $7$ to $-1$
- In general a transition [[Element|Element's]] [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] will be $2+$.
	- Due to a loss of two [[Electron|Electrons]] in its $s$ [[Orbital Angular Momentum Quantum Number|Sublevel]].
- ## The Oxidation Rules
	- #### Rule 1 (The Elemental Rule)
		- The [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of atoms in their **Elemental Form** is $0$.
			- Example: $Fe$, $S_8$, $O_2$
	- #### Rule 2 (The Fluorine Rule)
		- $F$ or Fluorine is always assigned an [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of $-1$ due to its high [[Electronegativity|Electronegativity]].
			- Except if **Rule 1 applies**.
	- #### Rule 3 (The Group Rule)
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of **Group 1A** is always $+1$.
			- > [!Warning]
			> This excludes Hydrogen because of the Hydrogen Rule.
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of **Group 2A** is always $+2$.
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of **$Al$** is always $+3$.
	- #### Rule 4 (The Hydrogen Rule)
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of $H$ or **Hydrogen** is:
			- $+1$ if bonded to a [[Non-Metal]].
			- $-1$ if bonded to  [[Metal]].
			- $0$ if bonded to another **Hydrogen** atom.
	- #### Rule 5 (The Oxygen Rule)
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of $O$ or **Oxygen** is $-2$.
	- #### Rule 6 (The Halogens Rule)
		- [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] of all [[Halogens]] is $-1$.
- ## Determining the Oxidation Number from a [[Lewis Dot Structure]]
	- Same as the [[Formal Charge]]
	  [[Formal Charge]]
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-09-17 17.13.32.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- [[Charge]] applies to [[Molecule|Molecules]] and [[Oxidation State|Oxidation Number]] applies to [[Element|Elements]].
	- Needed in [[Predicting Chemical Formulas]].
