Vault/Resonance Structure.md, before:

---
Alias: Resonance Structures
Creation Date: Mon September 26th 2022 05:07:53 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The [[Lewis Dot Structure]] when there are more then one [[Lewis Dot Structure]] that can represent the [[Molecule]].
	- ![[IMG_B6031489C3A9-1.jpeg|400]]
	- The [[Bond Order|Bonding Order]] for [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]] is the number of **identical** bonds divided by the number of [[Bond Region|Bonding Regions]].
		- ![[IMG_F6848EF77954-1.jpeg|400]]
		- All the bonds in the image above are the same length even though some are double bonds.
- ## Equivalent [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]]
	- Equivalent [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]] must all have the same:
		- [[Formal Charge]] dist 
- ## Best [[Resonance Structure]]
	- Sometimes there are multiple [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]] that are technically correct, but one is more stable then the rest. This is the **Best Resonance Structure**.
	- A **Best Resonance Structure**:
		- Has the lowest average [[Formal Charge]]
		- Has the **negative charge** on the most [[Electronegativity|Electronegative]] atom.
			- This means generally the most **lone pairs** on that [[Atom]].
	- ![[IMG_2D96917927DA-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Reference
	- Based on the [[Lewis Dot Structure]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-09-28 16:36:44
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
References/IMG_D05C73BF5481-1.jpeg
References/IMG_D9B86D63D5BB-1.jpeg
Vault/Lewis Dot Structure.md
Vault/Resonance Structure.md

Vault/Resonance Structure.md, after:

---
Alias: Resonance Structures
Creation Date: Mon September 26th 2022 05:07:53 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
# <%+ tp.file.title %>
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- The [[Lewis Dot Structure]] when there are more then one [[Lewis Dot Structure]] that can represent the [[Molecule]].
	- ![[IMG_B6031489C3A9-1.jpeg|400]]
	- The [[Bond Order|Bonding Order]] for [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]] is the number of **identical** bonds divided by the number of [[Bond Region|Bonding Regions]].
		- ![[IMG_F6848EF77954-1.jpeg|400]]
		- All the bonds in the image above are the same length even though some are double bonds.
- ## Equivalent [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]]
	- Equivalent [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]] must all:
		- Have the same[[Formal Charge]] distribution.
		- Be equally stable.
		- Be equally representative.
	- ![[IMG_D9B86D63D5BB-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Best [[Resonance Structure]]
	- Sometimes there are multiple [[Resonance Structure|Resonance Structures]] that are technically correct, but one is more stable then the rest. This is the **Best Resonance Structure**.
	- A **Best Resonance Structure**:
		- Has the lowest average [[Formal Charge]]
		- Has the **negative charge** on the most [[Electronegativity|Electronegative]] atom.
			- This means generally the most **lone pairs** on that [[Atom]].
	- ![[IMG_2D96917927DA-1.jpeg|400]]
- ## Reference
	- Based on the [[Lewis Dot Structure]].
