Vault/Riemann Sum.md, before:

---
Alias: [Riemann Sums]
Creation Date: Thu November 3rd 2022 10:06:10 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Calculus]]

- ## Definition
	- A way to approximate the area under a curve with rectangles.
	- Right|
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{A_t=\sum_{i=1}^{n}[f(x^*)*\Delta x]}$$
	  > 
	  > Where: $$\Delta x=\frac{b-a}{n}$$
	  > 
	  > And:
	  > 
	  > Sum Type|$x^*$ Equation
	  > ---|---
	  > Right Sum|$x^*=a+i\Delta x$
	  > Left Sum|$x^*=a+(i-1)\Delta x$
	  > Middle Sum|$x^*=a+(i-\frac{1}{2})\Delta x$
	  > 
	  > $A_t$ = The total area of the rectangles or the approximate area under the curve.
	  > $a$ = Starting value of the [[Riemann Sum]].
	  > $b$ = Ending value of the [[Riemann Sum]].
	  > $n$ = Number of rectangles used.
	  > $\Delta x$ = The width of each rectangle.
	  > $i$ = The index of a specific rectangle in the [[Riemann Sum]].
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-11-09 15.29.45.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Uses [[Summation Notation]].
	- Used to prove the [[Integral]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-11-30 15:26:49
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
References/Screen Shot 2022-11-30 at 3.22.45 PM.png
References/Screen Shot 2022-11-30 at 3.23.10 PM.png
References/Screen Shot 2022-11-30 at 3.23.44 PM.png
Vault/Riemann Sum.md

Vault/Riemann Sum.md, after:

---
Alias: [Riemann Sums]
Creation Date: Thu November 3rd 2022 10:06:10 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Calculus]]

- ## Definition
	- A way to approximate the area under a curve with rectangles.
	- **Right**|**Middle**|**Left**
	  ---|---|---
	![[Screen Shot 2022-11-30 at 3.23.44 PM.png]]|![[Screen Shot 2022-11-30 at 3.23.10 PM.png]]|![[Screen Shot 2022-11-30 at 3.22.45 PM.png]]
	Each rectangle touches the function on its **right** side.|Each rectangle touches the function in the **middle**.|Each rectangle touches the function on its **left** side.
	- > [!Equation]
	  > $$\large{A_t=\sum_{i=1}^{n}[f(x^*)*\Delta x]}$$
	  > 
	  > Where: $$\Delta x=\frac{b-a}{n}$$
	  > 
	  > And:
	  > 
	  > Sum Type|$x^*$ Equation
	  > ---|---
	  > Right Sum|$x^*=a+i\Delta x$
	  > Left Sum|$x^*=a+(i-1)\Delta x$
	  > Middle Sum|$x^*=a+(i-\frac{1}{2})\Delta x$
	  > 
	  > $A_t$ = The total area of the rectangles or the approximate area under the curve.
	  > $a$ = Starting value of the [[Riemann Sum]].
	  > $b$ = Ending value of the [[Riemann Sum]].
	  > $n$ = Number of rectangles used.
	  > $\Delta x$ = The width of each rectangle.
	  > $i$ = The index of a specific rectangle in the [[Riemann Sum]].
- ## Practice
	- [[Drawing 2022-11-09 15.29.45.excalidraw]]
- ## Reference
	- Uses [[Summation Notation]].
	- Used to prove the [[Integral]].
