Vault/Solubility.md, before:

---
Alias: []
Creation Date: Thu November 3rd 2022 11:43:20 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- How much of a [[Solute]] can **dissolve** into a [[Solvent]].
		- 
	- [[Polarity|Polar]] sections of a [[Molecule]] can interact with [[Intramolecular Forces|Intramolecular Force]] with other [[Polarity|Polar]] sections. The same applies for [[Polarity|Non-Polar]] to [[Polarity|Non-Polar]].
		- For bonds to form the [[Polarity]] of the any sections of the molecule must be the same.
		- > [!Example]
		  > Soluble|Insoluble
		  > ---|---
		  > Polar on Polar| Non-Polar on Polar
		  > ![[IMG_85CBB02961B4-1.jpeg]]|![[IMG_E2C610645776-1.jpeg]]
		- The size of the [[Polarity]] regions matters as well.
			- ![[IMG_B8693D270576-1.jpeg|400]]
				- The **lower** the [[Molarity]] the **less** the two are able to **interact and dissolve**.
- ## Reference
	- Depends on the [[Polarity|Polar]] and [[Polarity|Non-Polar]] sections of a [[Molecule]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-11-06 15:54:50
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Vault/Solubility.md

Vault/Solubility.md, after:

---
Alias: [Soluble]
Creation Date: Thu November 3rd 2022 11:43:20 pm 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	- How much of a [[Solute]] can **dissolve** into a [[Solvent]].
	- [[Solubility]] can be determined by: 
		- The [[Equilibrium|Equilibrium Constant]] of an equation.
			- An [[Equilibrium|Equilibrium Constant]] of **1 or above** is considered to be **high** and [[Solubility]].
			- An [[Equilibrium|Equilibrium Constant]]of **below 1** is considered to be **low** and [[]]
		- [[Polarity|Polar]] sections of a [[Molecule]] can interact with [[Intramolecular Forces|Intramolecular Force]] with other [[Polarity|Polar]] sections. The same applies for [[Polarity|Non-Polar]] to [[Polarity|Non-Polar]].
			- For bonds to form the [[Polarity]] of the any sections of the molecule must be the same.
			- > [!Example]
			  > Soluble|Insoluble
			  > ---|---
			  > Polar on Polar| Non-Polar on Polar
			  > ![[IMG_85CBB02961B4-1.jpeg]]|![[IMG_E2C610645776-1.jpeg]]
			- The size of the [[Polarity]] regions matters as well.
				- ![[IMG_B8693D270576-1.jpeg|400]]
					- The **lower** the [[Molarity]] the **less** the two are able to **interact and dissolve**.
- ## Reference
	- Depends on the [[Polarity|Polar]] and [[Polarity|Non-Polar]] sections of a [[Molecule]].
