Vault/Solution.md, before:

---
Alias: [Solutions]
Creation Date: Mon August 29th 2022 11:22:24 am 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	-  A [[Mixture|Homogeneous Mixture]] composed of a [[Solute]] dissolved in a [[Solvent]].
	- When water is the [[Solute]] it is called an [[Aqueous Solution]].
- ## Solution Process
	- #### Main Idea
		- When a [[Solute]] is placed in a [[Solvent]] the forces between the [[Solute]] and [[Solvent]] are stronger then the forces between the [[Solvent]] and itself.
		- The [[Solute]] and [[Solvent]] break the [[Solvent]] [[Solvent]] bonds to form bonds between [[Solute]] and [[Solvent]].
	- #### Framing Equation
		- > [!Equation]
		  > Assume that $\Delta S \approx 0$:
		  > 
		  > $$\large{\Delta G \approx \Delta H_{solution}=(\Delta H_{solvent} + \Delta H_{solvent}) + \Delta H_{mixture}}$$
		- $\Delta H_{solvent}$ and $\Delta H_{solvent}$ will be **greater than zero** individually as their bonds to themselves are broken in favor of the [[Solvent]] [[Solvent]] bonds.
		- $\Delta H_{mixture}$ will be **less then zero** as bonds are formed between the mixture of [[Solvent]] and [[Solvent]].
		- Because $\Delta G \approx \Delta H_{solution}$, if $\Delta H_{solution}$ is **less the zero** then the [[Solvent]] is **soluble** and the dissolution process occurs [[Spontaneity|Spontaneously]].
	- #### Solubility
		- **Like dissolves like**
			- The [[Polarity|Polar]] parts of a [[Molecule]] can form [[Intramolecular Forces|Intramolecular Bonds]] with the [[Polarity|Polar]] parts of the other [[Molecule]] and so will therefore be **soluable**
- ## Reference
	- [[Solution]] is a type of [[Mixture|Homogeneous Mixture]].

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-11-03 23:46:43
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace.json
Polarity.md
Vault/Solubility.md
Vault/Solution.md

Vault/Solution.md, after:

---
Alias: [Solutions]
Creation Date: Mon August 29th 2022 11:22:24 am 
Modification Date: <%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("ddd MMMM Do YYYY hh:mm:ss a") %>
---
#Permanent [[Chemistry]]

- ## Definition
	-  A [[Mixture|Homogeneous Mixture]] composed of a [[Solute]] dissolved in a [[Solvent]].
	- When water is the [[Solute]] it is called an [[Aqueous Solution]].
- ## Solution Process
	- #### Main Idea
		- When a [[Solute]] is placed in a [[Solvent]] the forces between the [[Solute]] and [[Solvent]] are stronger then the forces between the [[Solvent]] and itself.
		- The [[Solute]] and [[Solvent]] break the [[Solvent]] [[Solvent]] bonds to form bonds between [[Solute]] and [[Solvent]].
	- #### Framing Equation
		- > [!Equation]
		  > Assume that $\Delta S \approx 0$:
		  > 
		  > $$\large{\Delta G \approx \Delta H_{solution}=(\Delta H_{solvent} + \Delta H_{solvent}) + \Delta H_{mixture}}$$
		- $\Delta H_{solvent}$ and $\Delta H_{solvent}$ will be **greater than zero** individually as their bonds to themselves are broken in favor of the [[Solvent]] [[Solvent]] bonds.
		- $\Delta H_{mixture}$ will be **less then zero** as bonds are formed between the mixture of [[Solvent]] and [[Solvent]].
		- Because $\Delta G \approx \Delta H_{solution}$, if $\Delta H_{solution}$ is **less the zero** then the [[Solvent]] is **soluble** and the dissolution process occurs [[Spontaneity|Spontaneously]].
	- #### All of this depends on the [[Solubility]] of the [[Molecule|Molecules]].
- ## Reference
	- [[Solution]] is a type of [[Mixture|Homogeneous Mixture]].
