Journal/Thursday Jun 2nd, 2022.md, before:

# Thursday Jun 2nd, 2022
#Journal

Hours Available: 4
Motivation Level: 2

## Goals
- [x] Analyze and reprint parts if needed for Oma's knife sheath
- [ ] Setup the [[Motor characterization graph]] experiment
- [ ] Measure basic parameters
- [ ] Create graphs
	- [[Current]] vs [[Torque]]
	- [[Speed]] vs [[Torque]]

## Progress
\[*04:44:12 pm*\] Starting research

\[*05:16:12 pm*\] Just finished creating the rig that will hold the motor. It's not pretty, composed of a ladder, 2x4 and some screws, but it will serve. I have three concerns:
- I need a way to control the direction of the motor and a way to turn it on or off. 
- I think I may need to reprint the motor winch part; It may need to be larger and I may need to create threads on it to guide the rope. 
- I need to find weights that can incrementally increase the force.

\[*05:33:12 pm*\] I dont think i'm going to rig a way to switch the motor on and off and instead just tap the wire together. I hope i'll be able to get the measurements even with both my hands occupied. I also think that I am going to use metal bars cut at specific lengths as weights. 

\[*05:46:17 pm*\] I just did an experiment where I tied an entire bar to the motor and applied 12v to the motor. It wound up the bar way too quickly and I remembered that the motor exerts a much greater stall current. I think I am going to have to use Mami's weights.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-06-02 18:26:32
Affected files:
.obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json
.obsidian/workspace
Journal/Thursday Jun 2nd, 2022.md
Journal/Wednesday Jun 1st, 2022.md
Passion Projects/Motor characterization experiment.md
Passion Projects/Project List.md
References/Motor Characterization Notes.md

Journal/Thursday Jun 2nd, 2022.md, after:

# Thursday Jun 2nd, 2022
#Journal

Hours Available: 4
Motivation Level: 2

## Goals
- [x] Analyze and reprint parts if needed for Oma's knife sheath
- [ ] Setup the [[Motor characterization experiment]] experiment
	- [ ] Print motor winch
	- [x] Suspend the motor
	- [x] Develop a way to control the motor
	- [x] Find weights
- [ ] Update obsidian system
	- [ ] Rework progress system
	- [ ] Document tag usage

## Progress
\[*04:44:12 pm*\] Starting research

\[*05:16:12 pm*\] Just finished creating the rig that will hold the motor. It's not pretty, composed of a ladder, 2x4 and some screws, but it will serve. I have three concerns:
- I need a way to control the direction of the motor and a way to turn it on or off. 
- I think I may need to reprint the motor winch part; It may need to be larger and I may need to create threads on it to guide the rope. 
- I need to find weights that can incrementally increase the force.

\[*05:33:12 pm*\] I dont think i'm going to rig a way to switch the motor on and off and instead just tap the wire together. I hope i'll be able to get the measurements even with both my hands occupied. I also think that I am going to use metal bars cut at specific lengths as weights. 

\[*05:46:17 pm*\] I just did an experiment where I tied an entire bar to the motor and applied 12v to the motor. It wound up the bar way too quickly and I remembered that the motor exerts a much greater stall current. I think I am going to have to use Mami's weights.

\[*05:57:40 pm*\] I just tied an 8lb weight to the winch and applied 12v. It lifted it easily and when it dropped a corner of the weight landed on the rope, cut it, and damaged the outer sheath of the weight. Whoops... I am going to redesign the winch to have a larger diameter, be longer and add something to keep the rope on the winch.

\[*06:11:53 pm*\] I am also realizing that these progress notes are longer than I intended and I will need a better format for these. Because of that I am going to forgo measuring the basic parameters and instead rework some of this system.
