School/AP Statistics Final Project.md, before:

---
Due Date: 05/25/2022
Tags: [ApStats, Project]
---
# AP Statistics Final Project
## Hurricane Maria: Data Science Case Study
> [!Background]-
> After Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico on September 20, 2017, statistician and genomics expert Rafael Irizarry of Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, a native of Puerto Rico, was hearing dire reports of death and destruction from friends and family on the island. So, when the governor of Puerto Rico announced that there had been only 64 storm-related deaths, Irizarry thought the number sounded “impossible.” In this case study, you will step through the full data science process Professor Irizarry and his collaborators used to explore the true death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria.

>[!Instructions]
>Imagine you were trying to estimate the death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria. You have several sampling options to estimate the death toll:
>
>A.  Rough estimate based on expert opinion.
>B.  Simple random sample of death counts at 450 individual homes
>C. Cluster random sample of death counts in all homes within 100 randomly selected areas.
>E. Stratified random sample of death counts at 450 homes, stratified by distance from nearest large city
>D. Mail a survey to ALL homes in Puerto Rico, with questions about death count in their homes.
>
>Choose one option (A – E). Explain why you chose that option in 2 – 3 sentences

I would use a cluster random sample because different parts of the island have different geography. Sampling homes Earound locations is a good way to get equal representation of these regions, and there for get a better estimate of the total death toll.

> [!Instructions]
> ![[AP Stats Final Project Figure 1.png]]
> In your own words, describe their sampling methods. Make sure to discuss the above figure, use proper vocabulary (simple random sample, stratified, cluster, etc.) and discuss why you believe they chose those methods.

They used a cluster random sample. They selected 13 barrios at random and 
> [!Instructions]
> If you had to make a prediction, would you believe the death count is higher or lower than the estimate the researchers provide? Why?


> [!Instructions]
> ![[AP Stats Final Project Figure 2.png]]
> Using the results in the figure above, describe why the researchers chose remoteness as the category for stratifying their samples.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2022-05-17 12:14:10
Affected files:
.obsidian/app.json
.obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json
.obsidian/workspace
Journal/Monday May 16th, 2022.md
School/AP Statistics Final Project.md
School/The Ford and Carter Presidencies.md

School/AP Statistics Final Project.md, after:

---
Due Date: 05/25/2022
Tags: [ApStats, Project]
---
# AP Statistics Final Project
## Hurricane Maria: Data Science Case Study
> [!Background]-
> After Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico on September 20, 2017, statistician and genomics expert Rafael Irizarry of Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, a native of Puerto Rico, was hearing dire reports of death and destruction from friends and family on the island. So, when the governor of Puerto Rico announced that there had been only 64 storm-related deaths, Irizarry thought the number sounded “impossible.” In this case study, you will step through the full data science process Professor Irizarry and his collaborators used to explore the true death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria.

>[!Instructions]
>Imagine you were trying to estimate the death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria. You have several sampling options to estimate the death toll:
>
>A.  Rough estimate based on expert opinion.
>B.  Simple random sample of death counts at 450 individual homes
>C. Cluster random sample of death counts in all homes within 100 randomly selected areas.
>E. Stratified random sample of death counts at 450 homes, stratified by distance from nearest large city
>D. Mail a survey to ALL homes in Puerto Rico, with questions about death count in their homes.
>
>Choose one option (A – E). Explain why you chose that option in 2 – 3 sentences

I would use a cluster random sample because different parts of the island have different geography. Sampling homes around locations is a good way to get equal representation of these regions, and there for get a better estimate of the total death toll.

>[!Instructions]
>Read the “Abstract” and “Methods” sections of the study (find it here: tinyurl.com/hurricanemariastudy). As you read, capture notes about:
>- The type of sampling methods they used (stratified, cluster, etc.)
>- Any efforts they made to reduce sampling bias
>- Any efforts they made to make a “conservative” estimate
>- Their final estimate for the death toll from the hurricane. Note: the authors define this estimate as the number of “excess deaths.”


> [!Instructions]
> ![[AP Stats Final Project Figure 1.png]]
> In your own words, describe their sampling methods. Make sure to discuss the above figure, use proper vocabulary (simple random sample, stratified, cluster, etc.) and discuss why you believe they chose those methods.

They used a cluster random sample. They selected 13 barrios at random and sampled the people within them. I know that they chose a cluster random sample because they stratified by geological location and then took samples of everyone in each strata.
> [!Instructions]
> If you had to make a prediction, would you believe the death count is higher or lower than the estimate the researchers provide? Why?


> [!Instructions]
> ![[AP Stats Final Project Figure 2.png]]
> Using the results in the figure above, describe why the researchers chose remoteness as the category for stratifying their samples.
